Set up AMC on AWS Clean rooms using the developer guide
September 18, 2024

A developer guide for AMC on AWS Clean Rooms is now available on the Advanced tools center for users to reference and set up AMC on AWS Clean Rooms.

AMC users can now create AMC audiences without needing to subscribe to Paid features
September 18, 2024

AMC users can use the conversion_all data source to create AMC Audiences without needing to subscribe to Paid features. Also, refer to the a complete list data sources you can use to create AMC Audiences.

Access and take action on invoices across all countries from a single page
September 14, 2024

Regions: All

Sponsored ads and Amazon DSP advertisers can now preview, download, and pay for invoices in all countries from a single page, which also has a country-level summary of the total amount due. Advertisers can also view a country-level summary for billing setup status, which determines campaign activation, total amount due and overdue per country, and pay consolidated amounts at a country level. Third-party integrators can download invoice summaries and pay consolidated amounts at a country level.

Previously, advertisers had to navigate to a billing center page at a specific country level to view the total amount due, overdue, and pay the amount for that particular country. With this launch, advertisers can view a single page with a country-level summary and paid, unpaid invoice table having invoices from all countries they are advertising in. This saves 2-3 clicks each time an advertiser goes to any country-level billing center page. This launch will also be applicable to third-party integrators where they will have public APIs to search and download invoices both individually and in bulk.

More details can be found in the technical documentation.

Increased parallel query execution capabilities in Amazon Marketing Cloud
September 11, 2024

Amazon Marketing Cloud has increased the parallel query execution capabilities of its workflows. Now, an AMC account can run 200 API queries simultaneously, a 4X increase from the previous limit of 50. Also, an AMC instance can execute 10 API and 10 UI queries in parallel, doubling the previous limit of 5 for each type of query. See Query execution limit.

Deprecation announcement: Sponsored Display version 2 reporting endpoints will shut off on October 31, 2024
September 5, 2024

Regions: All

Following the release of the new version 3 reporting endpoints, we are announcing the deprecation of version 2 Sponsored Display reporting with a planned shutoff date of October 31, 2024. This includes the POST /sd/{recordType}/report endpoint.

Going forward, you can access all version 2 Sponsored Display report types using the version 3 reporting endpoints. For more details on how to upgrade to version 3, see our Migration guide and Frequently asked questions.

If you have feedback, use the Amazon Ads API Support page to submit a ticket with the subject title “SD reports v2 deprecation” by August 31, 2024.

Awareness: Sponsored ads may begin appearing in Rufus-related placements
September 5, 2024

Regions: US

To help customers discover more products in Amazon generative AI-powered shopping assistant, referred to as Rufus, your ads may appear in Rufus-related placements. Rufus may generate accompanying text based on the context of the conversation. Your campaign reports will not include Rufus metrics. For more information, contact your account representative. See our dedicated page to learn more about Rufus.

Deprecation announcement: v2/portfolios will be deprecated on March 1, 2025
September 5, 2024

We are announcing deprecation of the v2/portfolios endpoints with a shutoff date of March 1, 2025. API callers are encouraged to use the /portfolios endpoints instead.

For more information, see the technical specifications for /portfolios. For information on deprecations, review the Deprecations page.

Amazon DSP launches similar audiences (beta) to reach new adjacent audiences in just one click
September 3, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, NL, SE, TR, UAE, SA, AU, JP, IN, BR

Similar audiences (beta) utilizes the latest in AI to enhance your campaign reach to consumers exhibiting similar shopping, streaming, or browsing behaviors or interests as your selected audiences. This feature helps you serve ads to these highly relevant prospective customers more efficiently at scale, without relying on third-party cookies or ad identifiers. With this beta launch, advertisers can activate similar audiences on any line item that includes custom-built audiences based on Amazon shopping interactions.

For full technical details, please see our API reference documentation.

Sponsored Brands introduces landing page edits in the Amazon Ads API - now available worldwide
August 29, 2024

Sponsored Brands introducing a landing page edit for Product Collection, Store Spotlight and Brand Video Ads. Advertisers and Partners are now able to change their ads landing page without creating a new campaign or ad group. Now, each ad can have individual landing pages within same ad group. You can now update your ad group based campaigns landing pages without recreating your ad group or campaign. For editing a landing page, advertisers and partners can use /sb/ads/creatives/productCollectionExtended for Product Collection ads, /sb/ads/creatives/storeSpotlight for Store Spotlight ads, and /sb/ads/creatives/brandVideo for Brand Video ads.

With this launch, we have expanded to UK, DE, FR, IT, ES, NL, AE, IN, SA, SE, PL, TR, EG, SG, ZA so more advertisers can access these features using the Amazon Ads API. For full technical details, please see our API reference documentation.

Recent enhancements to the Amazon Ads API integration dashboard
August 29, 2024

We have recently introduced several enhancements to the Amazon Ads API integration dashboard. We have:

improved dashboard update frequency from daily to hourly. You are now able to see data for today.
enabled URL linking with associated dashboard filters. You can now create a link to share a filtered view with colleagues.
enhanced the filtering functionality in two ways:
Filters now carry over across dashboard tabs and do not need to be rebuilt.
You can now see a smaller subset of filter values when you apply filters on other dimensions. For example, in the Resources tab, when you set the Product filter to "Sponsored Products" you should only see resource values for Sponsored Products.
introduced our feedback module on the “Your apps” and “Dashboard” pages so you can help us understand how to improve these features.
reorganized the help content on the dashboard pages to make it easier to find information about individual tabs and the dashboard overall.
To learn more, see Integration dashboard.

Amazon DSP performance datasets available in Amazon Marketing Stream
August 28, 2024

Regions: All

Amazon Marketing Stream now includes hourly performance metrics for Amazon DSP campaigns. This dataset will provide hourly aggregated performance metrics in near real-time, which can be used to enable timely campaign adjustments, intraday optimizations, and near real-time reporting solutions. This dataset can be used in conjunction with the Amazon DSP Campaign dataset to get up-to-date campaign information.

Amazon Marketing Stream is available via the Amazon Ads API. When you are ready to get started, visit our Amazon Marketing Stream onboarding guide, which will walk through the process of getting API access, integrating with AWS, and subscribing to campaign datasets using the Amazon Marketing Stream API. If you are already integrated with Amazon Marketing Stream, see the new Amazon DSP dataset documentation.

Amazon DSP advertisers can now delete product audiences
August 28, 2024

Advertisers can now delete product audiences that are not part of an active line item. This feature will be available via the Amazon Ads API, and also in the Amazon DSP console.

Before, advertisers could not delete product audiences after they were created. Being able to delete unused product audiences along with audiences that are no longer targeted will reduce clutter and provide a better experience for advertisers.

For full technical details, please see our API reference documentation.

Deprecation announcement: v3 content type for Sponsored Products theme-based bid recommendations will be deprecated on May 15, 2025
August 22, 2024

We are announcing deprecation of the application/vnd.spthemebasedbidrecommendation.v3+json content type for Sponsored Products theme-based bid recommendations with a shutoff date of May 15, 2025. API callers are encouraged to use application/vnd.spthemebasedbidrecommendation.v4+json instead.

For more information on version 4, see the technical specifications for theme-based bid recommendations. For information on deprecations, review the Deprecations page.

AMC admins can now programmatically invite users to their accounts
August 15, 2024

With the launch of user management APIs for Amazon Ads, AMC admin users can now programmatically invite admin and viewer users to their account. For details, see Account management.

AMC users can now view the status of their created audiences using Amazon DSP APIs
August 15, 2024

The status of audiences created using AMC rule-based audience APIs can be viewed using Amazon DSP list audience endpoint. For details on how to view the status of a specific audience Id, see View audiences.

Introducing the Optimal frequency analysis playbook for Amazon Marketing Cloud
August 15, 2024

This Optimal frequency analysis playbook dives deeper into the concept of ad frequency to and guides users with tactics to get clear optimization insights and direct actions within Amazon Ads to optimize frequency analysis.

An example of the optimization is to define the right value threshold for identifying audiences that are considered under-served from a frequency standpoint and activate those. To learn more, visit Optimal frequency analysis playbook.

Notice on datasets created using Advertiser data upload, version 1.0
August 15, 2024

Note that data that was uploaded using Advertiser data upload, version 1.0 (ADU 1.0) cannot be queried. To continue querying datasets that you had uploaded in ADU 1.0, delete the previously uploaded data, and re-upload using Advertiser Data Upload 2.0 (ADU 2.0). See Advertiser data upload FAQs. Reach out to amc-support@amazon.com for any further assistance.

Creative assets launches new batch APIs for asset registration
August 15, 2024

Regions: All

Creative assets is introducing two new batch API endpoints to help you manage your creative assets more efficiently. The new endpoints include POST /assets/batchRegister, which enables you to add custom tags and other metadata to assets to aid in asset management and usage for multiple assets in a batch API call, and GET /assets/register/batch/{requestId}, which provides registration details and current status of the individual assets requested in a batch API call.

These endpoints are available for all sponsored ads campaign types as well as for Amazon DSP, via the Amazon Ads API.

Sponsored TV launches brand store support in the US
August 12, 2024

Regions: US

We have enabled brand store support for Sponsored TV campaigns in the US. Now, vendors and registered brand owners can specify a page within their brand store to link viewers to with their Sponsored TV ads. When these ads are eligible for interactive ad formats, audiences can scan QR codes, click the ad, or even interact with the ad via their remote to discover more about your brand. When viewers interact with these ads with their remote, they will receive an email with a link to an advertiser specified brand store. As always, Sponsored TV interactive ad formats are turnkey, with no action required as long as they meet our eligibility criteria.

Previously, advertisers could only link to ASIN detail pages with their Sponsored TV ads, so if an ASIN went out of stock or assets featured multiple ASINs, advertisers either had to manually create new ads or choose one of many ASINs to link viewers to. Now, advertisers can use more of their assets— like those those that feature multiple ASINs or size-intensive categories (for example, shoes) for their Sponsored TV campaigns.

For full technical details, review the API documentation.

Learn more about Sponsored TV creative specs and interactive ad formats

User management APIs are launching for Amazon Ads
August 10, 2024

Amazon Ads API customers can now perform user management-related read operations entirely through API integration. Specifically, they list users as well as their roles and permissions for any Amazon Ads account across all countries and ad products.

Previously, user management functionality was only available through the advertising console. This launch marks the second milestone in a series of authorization API launches which make user management functionality available to Amazon Ads API customers. In April 2024, Amazon Ads launched user invitation APIs. With this launch, customers can list users, as well as their roles and permissions associated with any Amazon Ads account via public API, without the need to visit the advertising console. Customers can use these APIs for advertising accounts across all ad products, including sponsored ads, Amazon DSP, and Amazon Marketing Cloud (AMC). Customers can also use these APIs to list users, roles, and permissions for manager accounts. Finally, customers can pass a Global Account identifier with a country code for the sponsored ads account to invoke these APIs. By integrating with these APIs, third parties can build user management workflows on their own advertising platforms.

New APIs include:

POST /users/list: List users associated with a given Amazon Ads account. Each user object returned will contain the user ID and the masked email

POST /userPermissions/list: List the permissions that a given user has on a given Amazon Ads account

POST /userRoles/list: List the direct role that a given user has on a given Amazon Ads account

For more information, review the API specification.

Sponsored Display has enhanced campaigns using tactic T00030 for endemic advertisers
August 9, 2024

Regions: All

Sponsored Display campaigns using tactic T00030 can now access all targeting capabilities available to endemic advertisers, including contextual targeting. Before this launch, Sponsored Display campaigns with tactic T00030 could only be used alongside audience strategies and entertainment targeting. To ensure backwards capability, there are no changes to tactic T00020 and it can continue to used for contextual targeting. The T00020 tactic will be supported for the foreseeable future, however we recommend using the T00030 tactic for new campaign creation to unlock all Sponsored Display targeting options.

By allowing greater Sponsored Display campaign flexibility with tactic T00030, advertisers can focus on achieving their marketing goals, without campaign level targeting constraints. Advertisers can use contextual targeting to help generate detail page traffic and then lean into audience strategies to reengage audiences to help secure missed sales opportunities or further cultivate brand loyalty. Within audience strategies, we added additional audiences for entertainment targeting (Games, Music & TV, Music & Radio) which can help advertisers reach potential customers during their entertainment journey - whether they are live streaming, watching videos, or researching games and movies on various sites beyond the Amazon store.

For full technical details, please see our Sponsored Display targeting API, including ContentTargetingPredicate, TargetingPredicate, and TargetingPredicateNested that can now be used for Sponsored Display campaigns using T00030 for endemic advertisers. For more information on entertainment targeting, see our updated developer guide.

Measure audience with Streaming TV incremental household reach
August 9, 2024

Advertisers on Amazon DSP now have access to incremental and exclusive reach (vs. Linear TV) reporting for their Amazon streaming TV campaigns. The two metrics that are part of this suite are Incremental Reach Rate and Exclusive Reach Rate. The Incremental Reach Rate quantifies the number of unique households reached by the STV campaign who were not exposed to Linear TV ads for the same product, expressed as a percentage of Linear TV household reach. The Exclusive Reach Rate quantifies the number of unique households reached by the STV campaign that were not exposed to Linear TV ads for the same product, expressed as a percentage of the STV campaign total household reach.

The combination of these two metrics will enable an advertiser to determine the impact of the STV campaign reach in comparison to their Linear TV campaign and also assess the return on investment (ROI) on the STV investments specifically with the Exclusive Reach Rate. STV Incremental Reach complements the Incremental Reach Forecast already available in the STV channel planner, so that advertisers can compare their past performance with potential reach.

To learn more, see the exclusiveReachRate and incrementalReachRate column details.

Deprecation announcement: Sponsored Products bid recommendations for keyword, product, and auto targeting endpoint will shut-off on May 15, 2025
August 8, 2024

We are announcing the deprecation of /v2/sp/targets/bidRecommendations effective August 15, 2024. The theme-based bid recommendations endpoint is the replacement for /v2/sp/targets/bidRecommendations. The v2 endpoints will shut off on May 15, 2025.

For more information, review the Deprecations page.

Understand the scale Amazon inventory can provide by demographics and audiences using our Reach Forecasting API
August 6, 2024

Regions: US, AE, AU, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, BR, SE, TR

For the first time, Amazon has provided the ability to integrate Amazon forecasts across all first-party and third-party supply. Using the Reach Forecasting API, you can programmatically generate reach forecasts showing the available reach based on your brand and campaign parameters.

To learn more, view the technical specifications for the Reach Forecasting API.

Sponsored Display support in advertiser test accounts
August 2, 2024

Advertisers will now be able to create Sponsored Display campaigns in a test account. Test accounts are beneficial because they allow integrators to make API requests to test and learn about the functionality in a safe manner, without serving ads or incurring costs. These campaigns will not be served to shoppers and will not incur any advertising charges. For more information on using test accounts for Sponsored Display campaigns, see our Using test accounts for Sponsored Display documentation in test accounts.

Deprecation announcement: Reminder that Sponsored Display version 2 reporting endpoints will shut off on October 31, 2024
August 2, 2024

Following the release of the new version 3 reporting endpoints, we are announcing the deprecation of version 2 Sponsored Display reporting with a planned shutoff date of October 31, 2024. This includes the POST /sd/{recordType}/report endpoint.

Going forward, you can access all version 2 Sponsored Display report types using the version 3 reporting endpoints. For more details on how to upgrade to version 3, see our Migration guide and Frequently asked questions.

If you have feedback, use the Amazon Ads API Support page to submit a ticket with the subject title “SD reports v2 deprecation” by August 31, 2024.

Inherited Settings are now available for Display inventory and viewability
July 31, 2024

You are now able to create, retrieve, and delete Inherited Settings in Manager and Advertiser accounts in the Amazon DSP UI and API.

Inherited Settings enable Managers and Advertisers to set settings that are used as presets when creating a new line item. Our first release includes Display inventory and viewability. We will communicate additional media types and settings when they become available.

For information, see our API documentation.

Amazon Marketing Cloud can now leverage the “collaboration” feature in AWS Clean Rooms
July 30, 2024

A collaboration is a secure logical boundary in AWS Clean Rooms in which one member (such as an advertiser) can perform SQL queries on configured tables from other members (such as an advertiser partner or other publisher). AMC and advertiser collaborations in AWS Clean Rooms enable AMC customers to use AWS Clean Rooms to associate their first-party (event and identity) data with AMC data, to collaborate with Amazon Ads unique signals including matching audience identifiers enabled by AWS Entity Resolution, and generate differentiated insights to activate more relevant campaigns with Amazon Ads, all without having to share or move your data from your AWS cloud environment.

See the complete list of AMC - AWS Clean Rooms reference.

Introducing the Off-Amazon conversions playbook for Amazon Marketing Cloud
July 30, 2024

This new playbook provides an overview of off-Amazon signals, how to load signals into AMC, and 12 non-endemic use-cases along with suggested actions. Advertisers can use this playbook to create valuable analysis of and take action with off-Amazon data. To learn more, visit Off-Amazon conversions playbook.

Subscribe & Save Metrics & Benchmarks available in Brand Metrics Ads Console, and Ads API
July 30, 2024

Advertisers can now measure their retail and ads brand-category Subscribe & Save (SNS) performance with two new metrics in Brand Metrics.

Subscribe & Save customers: Total individual Subscribe & Save customers in the selected category over the selected timeframe.
% Subscribe & Save new-to-brand customers: The percentage of Subscribe & Save customers that are new-to-brand in the selected category over the selected timeframe.
For both SNS metrics, we provide Category Median and Category Top benchmarks:

Category Median: The performance of the 50th percentile of brands in the selected category.
Category Top: The average performance of the 95th–99th percentile of brands in the selected category.
Advertisers, agencies, and integrators can now understand their brand Subscribe & Save performance within a retail category, and quantify how many shoppers who purchased in a selected week or month are SNS customers and whether or not they have subscribed for the first time with their brand in the TTM (trailing twelve months for example, new-to-brand). Advertisers can also benchmark their ad attributed and retail performance amongst category peers. With these benchmarks brands not running SNS can get insight into the missed SNS opportunities in category, and for brands running SNS they can gauge their performance in category against peers.

SNS data is also available through the Brand Metrics Public API is the /insights/brandMetrics/report/{reportId} endpoint. For full technical details, please read Brand Metrics API Documentation.

Sponsored TV impressions forecasting
July 25, 2024

We have launched a forecasting service for Sponsored TV (ST), allowing Sponsored TV advertisers to view impressions for their campaigns. The Amazon Ads ST forecasting provides forecasts based on the Sponsored TV campaign and ad group settings. Currently, it supports weekly impressions forecasts and will expand to include other forecast metrics in the future. Forecasts are based on machine-learning models that are built on the observable performance of historical campaigns with similar settings. To learn more, view the technical specifications for the forecasting API.

Introducing Sponsored TV in Canada, Mexico, Brazil, and United Kingdom
July 25, 2024

Regions: CA, MX, BR, UK

Sponsored TV is now available in Canada, Brazil, Mexico, and United Kingdom to enable advertisers access to a self-service streaming TV advertising solution internationally.

Please see our developer guide to get started on Sponsored TV.

Portfolios API version 3
July 18, 2024

The Portfolios version 3 API brings parity between API integrators and the Amazon Ads console, and is the same API used by the console for portfolio functionality. Use this API to group your campaigns and set budgets for a given portfolio and group of campaigns. To learn more, view the technical specifications for the Portfolios API.

Modeled conversions now reported for Sponsored Display campaigns
July 11, 2024

Regions: All

To offer a more complete view of campaign results, Amazon Ads uses modeling to account for conversions attributable to your campaign, but that are not directly measured due to the phasing out of third-party cookies and changing regulations. In these cases, Amazon Ads has insights about the ad click or view and the conversion that occurred, but cannot establish a direct link between the two events. In that scenario, Amazon Ads predicts the link between the ad interaction and the conversion event. Modeled conversions are reported in the same columns as directly attributed conversions, such as on the Purchase or Detail Page View column. In some cases, if we cannot produce meaningful estimates at the level of your reporting breakdown—for example at the targeting clause level—we will report conversions on an Unallocated row.

Amazon Ads models conversions so that advertisers can continue to measure the full impact of their advertising spend across all audiences, including previously un-addressable audiences, due to industry changes in third-party cookies and regulations. This helps advertisers continue to set and optimize bids and budgets effectively.

Advertisers using Amazon Ads API may see conversions reported on rows with “Unallocated,” or -20, set as the dimension value for reports grouped by targeting, as an example. These rows represent conversions attributable to that ad line or order that cannot be allocated at the level at which the report is returned. For full technical details, please read our reporting documentation. To learn more about modeled conversions, please visit the Support Center

API and bulksheets support for South Africa
July 8, 2024

Regions: ZA

We have added support for South Africa (ZA) to the Amazon Ads API and bulksheets. For more details, see the API endpoints by region, Bid constraints by marketplace, Budget constraints by marketplace, as well as the countryCode, currencyCode, and timezone parameters in the profiles reference. For bulksheets, you can also reference Bid constraints by marketplace and Budget constraints by marketplace.

API onboarding support is moving from Jira to Zendesk
July 5, 2024

The API onboarding support team will transition from Jira to Zendesk as our primary platform for managing customer support tickets starting July 8, 2024.

This change aims to provide a more direct and recognizable channel for assistance. If you experience issues onboarding to the API, you can reach our support team directly through the following email address: ads-api-onboarding@amazon.com

Please add ads-api-support@amazon.com, ads-api-onboarding@amazon.com, and support@amazon-ads-api.zendesk.com to your email safe sender list to ensure seamless communication.

For more information about support for the Amazon Ads API, see "Need support?" in our Zendesk platform.

Managing failed audiences in Amazon Marketing Cloud
June 27, 2024

You are now able to delete and edit audiences with “Failed” status via the AMC UI and API. This allows you to only keep the custom audiences of use to you and reduce redundant audiences. For more information, refer to Manage failed audiences.

Awareness: Updates to Sponsored Brands version 3 campaigns
June 20, 2024

Legacy Sponsored Brands version 3 campaigns created before October 2022 recently went missing in the advertising console after being rejected during creative moderation. These servingStatusDetails for these campaigns returns REJECTED_DETAIL in POST /sb/v4/campaigns/list. These campaigns will show as ARCHIVED in POST /sb/v4/campaigns/list and the advertising console by August 15th, 2024.

To prevent similar issues with version 3 campaigns, we strongly recommend recreating all version 3 Sponsored Brands campaigns as new version 4 campaigns. You can use Sponsored Brands version 4 APIs or clone existing campaigns in the advertising console. To learn more about key benefits of using new ad group based campaigns, see our Benefits guide.

Awareness: Advantage of using Sponsored Brands version 4 campaigns
June 13, 2024

In October 2022, Sponsored Brands introduced version 4 campaigns, featuring multiple ad groups and ads. Prior to this launch, advertisers lacked the ability to create a Sponsored Brands advertising campaign aligned with their marketing strategy. The introduction of ad groups enhances flexibility, particular for managing campaigns across ad products, as both Sponsored Products and Sponsored Display supports similar campaigns structure.

These campaigns will allow you to leverage new features such as:

Increasing brand impression share for top-of-search placement with BRAND IMPRESSION SHARE goal-based campaigns.
Expanding product collection ads into slideshow ads by adding two to five lifestyle images.
Assigning individual landing page URLs to each ad and modifying existing landing page ads URLs.
Testing different creative and landing page combinations within ad groups.
Creating campaigns with vertical video optimized for mobile shoppers.
Showcasing videos with a brand store featuring three products or no products.
Accessing a wide range of new metrics including addToCartViews, newToBrandDetailPageViewViews, and newToBrandDetailPageViewClicks.
To learn more, view our benefits guide.

Prevention of duplicate requests for V3 reporting APIs
June 12, 2024

We recently implemented a feature to prevent duplicate requests for version 3 reporting APIs. If you make a createReport request before a duplicative report request is complete, you will now receive an API response status code of 425, indicating that it is too soon to make the new request. If this happens, you should wait for your existing request to complete before creating another identical createReport request. Learn more about v3 reporting and v3 report statuses

If your use case requires multiple identical reporting requests, we encourage you to explore alternative reporting options such as Amazon Marketing Stream, which pushes data to partner or advertiser-owned AWS destinations in near real-time, without needing to call the API repeatedly.

For more help or technical assistance, reach out to the Solutions Architect or Partner Manager assigned to you. If you do not have an assigned contact, you can request additional support through the API service desk.

Sponsored Brands optimization rules (beta) API is now available for drive page visits goal
June 12, 2024

Regions: US, AE, AU, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, BE, BR, EG, PL, SA, SE, SG, TR, EG, SA

We launched a new API optimization rules (beta), to simplify the campaign management process for advertisers using Sponsored Brands’ drive page visits goal. This launch allows advertisers to set performance-based parameters that remove the guess work from selecting an exact bid for each target. This helps advertisers of any size and with any budget achieve their goals with the help of Amazon first-party data and machine learning capabilities.

For goal-based campaigns set-up to drive page visits, advertisers can apply a cost-per-click threshold. We will then utilize machine learning models to define the bids while adjusting base bids up and down with the goal of increasing clicks, all while adhering to the cost-based rules. While Amazon Ads cannot guarantee performance, if the campaign is not meeting the cost target over a 21-day period (excluding special days), we recommend adjusting cost target or budget to allow our systems meet the cost target and achieve more clicks.

Optimization rules are now available for Sponsored Brands through the Amazon Ads API. For full technical details, see our see our optimization rules API and developer guide.

Introducing the AMC Python collection for onboarding and getting started
June 6, 2024

This new resource, a Jupyter Notebook containing a collection of Python scripts, will help you streamline onboarding the Amazon Ads API and exploring AMC APIs. This includes endpoints for administration and workflow management with example request body and automations that make it easy to manage authorization and explore AMC APIs. You can find the collection files in the GitHub repository for Amazon Marketing Cloud

To use the collection, download the Jupyter Notebook from GitHub, and follow the instructions listed to onboard and get started with AMC.

The NCS CPG Insights Stream data source has been added to AMC Paid Features
June 6, 2024

Availability: Only within the US AMC account marketplace

AMC dataset name: ncs_cpg_insights_stream

Lookback: 12.5 month, 19 day delay, and refreshed weekly (on Fridays)

NCS CPG Insights Stream provides modeled offline transaction signals for all US households. Transaction signals (dollars and units) are aggregated at the weekly household level for specified product categories. Transaction signals are acquired from a diverse and balanced set of brick-and-mortar stores in the US covering over 3 million UPCs. The subscription allows AMC customers to measure the impact of your advertising on offline sales, understand cross-channel purchasing journeys, and discern audiences with different purchasing patterns online and offline.

AMC Flexible Shopping Insights data source updates
June 6, 2024

The conversions_all data source has been updated to remove Amazon Ad Server (previously Sizmek Ad Server) traffic events from the ad-exposed, exposure_type column logic. Additionally, there was an update to the conversions_all data source to negate and resolve duplicative conversions_ids for the repeatSnSOrder conversion event sub-type records.

AMC UI documentation can now be accessed through the Support Center
June 6, 2024

The content in the Support Center contains web-based topics to help you learn how to use and navigate the AMC UI. To access AMC UI documentation in the advertising console Support Center, click the ? icon in the AMC console header, at the top-right of the page and select Learn by Product > Amazon Marketing Cloud. Note that you must have access to AMC UI to access AMC content in Support Center.

Keyword translations for Sponsored Products in bulksheets
June 4, 2024

Availability: Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates

When you create Sponsored Products campaigns using bulksheets, you can now add keywords in your preferred or native language. To use this new feature, you will input keywords in your preferred language in a new column labeled “Native language keyword,” and input your preferred language code in a new column labeled “Native language locale.” Leave the “Keyword text” field blank. When you upload your bulksheets file, your “native language” keyword will be automatically translated into English or the default language of your locale.

Before this launch, advertisers in some locales had to enter keywords in English, even if their preferred or native language was not English. With keyword translations, advertisers have the option to enter keywords in their native language instead.

Learn more about automatic keyword translations

Notice on new metrics for existing Amazon Marketing Stream datasets
June 3, 2024

Soon, Amazon Marketing Stream will start adding new metrics to existing datasets. Some of these metrics may be in closed beta, so it is possible that you will not have access to the metric values initially and will instead see zero values for the data. We recommend that you ensure your Stream implementation accommodates for new metrics to avoid any breaking changes whenever metrics are added.

We will publish a new release note, along with more guidance about the new metrics, when they are generally available to all customers.

The Partner Opportunities API now includes Amazon Ads account team recommendations
June 3, 2024

With this launch, partners gain visibility into what Amazon account managers suggest for their advertisers. Partners can then determine how to use these recommendations to help their advertisers achieve marketing objectives, including the ability to directly activate them through the new /apply API functionality. Bringing these recommendations into Partner Opportunities gives partners a single distribution channel to download actionable and relevant recommendations for the advertisers each agency or tech partner supports.

Recommendations and insights help advertisers focus more efficiently and spend time on work that is more likely to drive positive results, such as increasing sales or improving return on ad spend (ROAS). Partners have expressed interest in understanding the recommendations from Amazon Ads account teams so they can add context and help activate these recommendations for advertisers. Now, partners can leverage Partner Opportunities API to access these recommendations for each advertiser they manage, giving partners more visibility and flexibility to help advertisers work toward their goals.

This is available to all registered Amazon Ads partners using the Ads API. Partners must be registered in the Amazon Ads Partner Network and setup for API access. For more information on API access for partners, see the onboarding guide.

Within the existing Partner Opportunities API, partners will see new opportunities for each of the new recommendations. These recommendations will be categorized using the AMAZON_ACCOUNT_TEAM_RECOMMENDATIONS Objective Type. Recommendations using this AMAZON_ACCOUNT_TEAM_RECOMMENDATIONS objective type can be used in the new /apply API endpoint to directly activate the recommendations for each specific advertiser. See all Partner Opportunities API documentation for more information.

[Awareness; Coming Later] Better Reach Amazon Business shoppers with Sponsored Product campaigns
May 21, 2024

An Amazon Business (AB) bid adjustment for Sponsored Products is in development and will be available in Amazon Business Marketplaces - US, CA, MX, DE, IT, FR, ES, UK, IN, JP. In Q4 2024, advertisers using the Amazon Ads API or bulksheets will be able to apply a custom bid adjustment for placements on AB to their existing or new Sponsored Products campaigns. The new bid adjustment for AB can be set independently or in addition to placement bid adjustments for top-of-search (first page), rest-of-search and product-pages. With this new single AB bid adjustment, advertisers can boost their bids by up to 900% across AB placements. Regardless of their use of the AB bid adjustment, advertisers will have access to reporting that shows campaign performance on AB. Those advertisers who use the AB bid adjustment can gauge its impact on AB campaign performance through this reporting. See our reference documentation for more information.

Leverage new inventory with programmatic guaranteed deals for Video in France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom and India
May 21, 2024

Advertisers in France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom and India now have the ability to work with publishers to create programmatic guaranteed deals, and use those deals on video line items. This capability enables advertisers to leverage premium video inventory from publishers through Amazon Publisher Direct (APD), Google, FreeWheel, and Magnite Streaming. When a line item is set to use a programmatic guaranteed deal, the interface is streamlined and simplified to reflect that the publisher will be managing the inventory.

Sponsored Display optimization rules (beta) API is now available for inflight campaigns
May 15, 2024

Regions: US, AE, AU, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, BE, BR, EG, PL, SA, SE, SG, TR, EG, SA

We have extended the Sponsored Display optimization rules (beta) API to inflight campaigns enabling advertisers to quickly turn any campaign into optimization rule based campaign while also allowing the feature to be turned on or off. This API helps to simplify the campaign management process for advertisers using Sponsored Display. This launch allows advertisers to set performance-based parameters that remove the guess work from selecting an exact bid for each target.

For campaigns optimized for reach, clicks, or conversions, advertisers can apply a cost-based rule like cost per thousand ad views (vCPM), cost per click (CPC) or cost per order (CPO). We will then utilize machine learning models to define the bids while adjusting base bids up and down with the goal of increasing outcomes, all while adhering to the cost-based rules. Additionally, we may add targets while your campaign is running to try to stay at or below a cost per order value you have specified. While Amazon Ads cannot guarantee performance, if the campaign is not meeting the cost target over a 21-day period (excluding special days), we recommend adjusting cost target or budget to allow our systems to reach the right audiences.

Optimization rules are now available for Sponsored Display through the Amazon Ads API. For full technical details, see our reference documentation.

Amazon Developer Support Engineering team is moving from Jira to Zendesk
May 10, 2024

The Developer Support Engineering team will transition from Jira to Zendesk as our primary platform for managing customer support tickets starting May 13, 2024.

This change aims to provide a more direct and recognizable channel for assistance, streamlining the initial step of ticket creation. Moving forward, you can reach our support team directly through the new email address: ads-api-support@amazon.com

To ensure seamless communication, please add ads-api-support@amazon.com to your email safe sender list. This action will help prevent our communications from being inadvertently marked as spam, allowing us to provide timely and effective support through Zendesk.

As with Jira, the API support team will offer support via the Help Center. Once you have established a login, the Help Center can be accessed at amazon-ads-api.zendesk.com. For more information about support for Amazon Ads advanced tools, see our Support overview.

Get greater transparency for your Freevee campaigns with Content Genre and Content Rating reporting
May 10, 2024

For streaming TV ad-impressions delivered on Freevee, we have expanded our traffic reporting to add content transparency reports in downloadable reports. Advertisers can now see which Content Genre and Content Rating their ad impressions were delivered on. Advertisers can already use Content Genre, and Content Rating during planning and campaign settings. These reports provide advertisers a closed loop feedback with their campaign settings and media plans.

As advertisers transition their budgets from linear TV to digital media like streaming TV, content signals provide them greater visibility into their investments. Advertisers can now assess if their ads were contextually relevant and use the reporting data to plan their future media investments and adjust their campaign settings.

Awareness: Sponsored Display version 2 reporting endpoints will shut off on October 31, 2024
May 3, 2024

Following the release of the new version 3 reporting endpoints, we are announcing the deprecation of version 2 Sponsored Display reporting with a planned shutoff date of October 31, 2024. This includes the POST /sd/{recordType}/report endpoint.

Going forward, you can access all version 2 Sponsored Display report types using the version 3 reporting endpoints. For more details on how to upgrade to version 3, see our Migration guide and Frequently asked questions.

If you have feedback, use the Amazon Ads API Support page to submit a ticket with the subject title “SD reports v2 deprecation” by August 31, 2024.

Sponsored Brands forecasts now provide support for clicks
May 3, 2024

Sponsored Brands campaign performance forecasting provides metric forecasts to advertisers during the campaign creation process.

Currently we have impression metrics for detail page view campaigns which gives the estimated weekly and monthly impression based on targeting, bid, and budget settings. Now we are adding support for click forecasting. To use click forecasting, you will need to add creativeAsins in the ad group setting to help us predict the clicks for campaign. Then the response will include forecasted clicks.

For more information, see the API reference.

Amazon Data Firehose is available as a destination for Amazon Marketing Stream
May 1, 2024

Amazon Marketing Stream is expanding its data delivery options by introducing Amazon Data Firehose as a new destination. Amazon Data Firehose is a fully managed service for delivering real-time streaming data to destinations such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Redshift, OpenSearch Service, OpenSearch Serverless, Splunk, and any custom HTTP endpoint or HTTP endpoints owned by supported third-party service providers. With Amazon Data Firehose, customers can subscribe to Amazon Marketing Stream datasets and have them delivered to a location of their choice—including the options mentioned here. Without Firehose, Stream datasets can only be delivered to Amazon SQS, so Firehose provides more flexibility for customers who prefer a different data output.

By integrating Amazon Data Firehose as a delivery option, customers can streamline their data ingestion process and minimize operational costs. As a fully managed service, it automatically scales to accommodate data volume, and eliminates the need for ongoing administration. Additionally, Firehose can batch, compress, and encrypt data before delivery—reducing storage consumption at the destination and enhancing security.

To learn more, view the Getting started guide .

Coming soon: Automatic keyword translations for Sponsored Products in bulksheets
April 23, 2024

Regions: Egypt & Saudi Arabia

Soon, customers in Egypt and Saudi Arabia will be able to add keywords in their preferred or native language. The keywords will then be automatically translated into English when the file is uploaded. When this new feature launches, you will see two new columns labeled Native language keyword and Native language locale, where you can input keywords in your native language along with the language code. When you upload the bulksheets file, the translated keywords will automatically populate the current “Keyword text” field. You can see the translated keywords if you download a file later.

We will provide more details and documentation for using this feature once it launches.

Keyword Groups beta release
April 23, 2024

Regions: US

Keyword Groups is a new targeting control for Amazon Ads Sponsored Products keyword-based campaigns that enables advertisers to reach relevant audiences through a collection of keywords.

Once a Keyword Group specification is created, the performance of Keyword Groups will be available in the search terms report. Keyword Groups improves campaign performance by dynamically updating the keywords within a group through the campaign lifecycle and eliminates the need for advertisers to constantly curate new keywords. Additionally, Keyword Groups can be used alongside keywords within the same ad group.

Keyword Groups can be accessed through a new Keyword Groups recommendations API included in this release. Furthermore, existing operations for bid suggestions and viewing/updating have been updated to accommodate Keyword Groups.

APIs:

POST /sp/targeting/recommendations/keywordGroups: Use this API operation to get recommended Keyword Groups for a list of ASINs. Please use Keyword Groups recommended by this API for your ASINs to benefit from the feature only.
POST /sp/targets: This is an existing operation that has been extended to support creation of Keyword Groups.
POST /sp/targets/list: This existing operation will return all Keyword Groups for an ad group
POST /sp/targets/bid/recommendations : This existing API endpoint now gives bid recommendations for Keyword Groups with the following options. See theme based bid recommendations API documentation for more information.
See our documentation for more information.

Deprecation announcement: Reminder that AMC instance-level APIs will shut off on August 1, 2024
April 20, 2024

As we recently announced AMC APIs being available on Amazon Ads, we recommend users currently on the AMC instance-level APIs migrate to the upgraded APIs as soon as possible to take advantage of the enhanced security, usability, and performance of new APIs.

 Important
We will stop supporting the instance-level APIs from June 01, 2024 and retire those on August 01, 2024.
After the instance-level APIs retire, calling any of the endpoints will return a 404 error. Migrating to the new APIs at the earliest can help prevent disruptions to your existing business operations. Visit the AMC migration hub to learn more.

In addition, new AMC instances created after March 04, 2024 will not be compatible with the instance-level APIs. You need to build to Amazon Ads APIs before this date to make sure your API workflows can be applied to your new instances.

Preview: Sponsored Brands will be introducing two new campaign goals, “Acquire New Customers” and “Drive Ad Views”
April 18, 2024

These new capabilities are in preview only. We will update our release notes and API documentation once this functionality is made available. Advertisers will soon have access to two new goals, “Acquire New Customers" and “Drive Ad Views”, each with a unique set of campaign controls that help achieve that goal. The “Acquire New Customers" goal can be measured using the metric newToBrandPurchases, helping advertisers drive sales from customers who have not purchased a brand product within a 1-year lookback. The “Drive Ad Views" goal can be measured using the metric viewableImpressions, helping advertisers reach and engage audiences across shopping and entertainment contexts.

Along with the new goals mentioned, advertisers will soon have the option to input specific cost controls to help achieve those goals within a given cost threshold. As we introduce these changes, we will also update and improve our insights and recommendations to help further maximize campaign goals.

For full technical details, see our updated Sponsored Brands API reference documentation. Under the create campaign resource, we have expanded the number of goal options, including ACQUIRE_NEW_CUSTOMERS and AD_VIEWS.

Deprecation announcement: Final reminder for Sponsored Brands version 3 campaign management, draft, and media APIs shut off
April 18, 2024

The shutoff date for Sponsored Brands version 3 campaign management APIs will be May 30th, 2024. As a reminder, Sponsored Brands version 3 draft and media APIs were deprecated on January 31, 2024. Please migrate to the new version 4 campaign management endpoints as documented on our deprecations page and in our migration guide. As a part of this deprecation, Sponsored Brands draft endpoints have reached their end of life and will not be replaced with new endpoints.

The following endpoints and all associated HTTP operations are included in this deprecation:

/sb/campaigns/
/sb/adGroups/
/sb/adGroups/{adGroupId}
/sb/campaigns/{campaignId}
/sb/drafts/campaigns
/sb/drafts/campaigns/{draftCampaignId}
/sb/drafts/campaigns/submit
/media/upload
If you would like to share feedback, please use the Amazon Ads API Service desk to open a ticket with subject title "SB v3 Campaign CRUD Deprecation" by April 30th, 2024.

User invitation APIs are launching for Amazon Ads
April 9, 2024

Regions: All

Amazon Ads API customers can now invite users to advertising accounts entirely through API integration. They can perform all invitation-related operations throughout the invitation lifecycle, including creating, redeeming, revoking, listing, and resending invitations.

Previously, all user management functionality was only available through the advertising console. This launch marks the first milestone in a series of authorization API launches, which will allow customers to execute invitation and user management-related actions entirely via the Amazon Ads API, without the need to visit the advertising console. Customers can now use the API to create and manage user invitations for sponsored ads accounts, including vendors, authors, merch-on-demand, and FireTV. This new user invitation functionality is also available for manager accounts and Amazon DSP. By integrating with these APIs, third-party partners can also build user invitation workflows on their own advertising platforms.

New APIs:

POST /user-invitations: Create a batch of invitations. Given an advertising account identifier, a user email address, and a role or set of permissions, invite one or many (up to 50 in batch) users to the advertising account. Invitations expire after 2 weeks.
PUT /user-invitations: Update a batch of invitations. Given a list of one or many (up to 50) invitation identifiers, update these invitations to revoke them, or resend them to refresh the expiration window.
PUT /user-invitations/redeem: Redeem an invitation. Given an invitation identifier, redeem the invitation, and be added to the account upon redemption. This operation requires that the terms agreement be shown to the user and accepted before redemption.
POST /user-invitations/list: List the pending invitations for a given account.
GET /user-invitations/{invitationId}: Get details about a given invitation, such as role, permissions, email, expiration and account identifier. This API will also return a list of termsTypes, which indicates the type of terms (MARKETING_CLOUD, ADVERTISING, PARTNER_NETWORK) that must be accepted before redemption, using the POST /termsTokens API.
See our reference documentation for more information.

In addition, we have updated the existing POST /termsTokens API.

POST /termsTokens: Create a terms token for the customer to accept Amazon Ads terms. With this update, you can now specify the type of terms to be accepted (MARKETING_CLOUD, ADVERTISING, PARTNER_NETWORK) depending on the type of account the user is invited to. For more information, see the API specification.
Ad Library API is now available
April 4, 2024

Region: EU

The Ad Library API is now available. The Ad Library API contains data about ads and affiliate marketing content displayed on the Amazon EU store (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Poland, Belgium, Netherlands) and is available globally. Examples of data include advertiser or creator name, impressions by country, and the name of the product, service, or brand featured.

To get started, view the Ad Library overview.

Registration is now open for the Amazon Ads Developer Summit 2024
April 3, 2024

This summit is designed to educate integrators who are at the beginning and intermediate stages of their journey with Amazon Ads APIs, Amazon Marketing Stream, and Amazon Marketing Cloud (AMC). You will learn about best practices and hear ideas for capabilities you can build. We will deep dive into Amazon APIs and reporting tools and share advanced use cases. Hear from Amazon product leaders about topics that include:

Enhancing reporting and optimization capabilities
Building full-funnel solutions for a variety of advertising customers
Media planning and programmatic capabilities
And much more!
There will also be opportunities to get answers to your technical questions and provide product feedback. The summit will be held on May 16-17, 2024 in NYC.

Learn more and register.

Sponsored Display optimization rules (beta) API has expanded to new regions
March 18, 2024

Regions: BE, BR, EG, PL, SA, SE, SG, TR, EG, KSA

We have expanded Sponsored Display optimization rules (beta) API to new regions. This API helps to simplify the campaign management process for advertisers using Sponsored Display. This launch allows advertisers to set performance-based parameters that remove the guess work from selecting an exact bid for each target. This helps advertisers of any size and with any budget achieve their goals with the help of Amazon first-party data and machine learning capabilities. Before this launch, advertisers needed to translate their desired goals into efficient bids and targets across different cost types. In reality, this turns out to be the biggest issue driving lower scale and campaign effectiveness. By translating goals into bids using machine learning with optimization rules (beta), Amazon can help advertisers achieve better results through continuous optimization. In the future this will be extended to targeting optimizations to further maximize goals.

For campaigns optimized for reach or click, advertisers can apply a cost-based rule like cost per thousand ad views (vCPM) and cost per click (CPC). We will then utilize machine learning models to define the bids while adjusting base bids up and down with the goal of increasing outcomes, all while adhering to the cost-based rules. While Amazon Ads cannot guarantee performance, if the campaign is not meeting the cost target over a 21-day period (excluding special days), we recommend adding additional targets to allow our systems to reach the right audiences.

Optimization rules are now available for Sponsored Display through the Amazon Ads API which was previously only available in AE, AU, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK and US regions. For full technical details, see our reference documentation.

Leverage new inventory with programmatic guaranteed deals for Video in Japan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and United Arab Emirates
March 18, 2024

Advertisers in Japan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and United Arab Emirates now have the ability to work with publishers to create programmatic guaranteed deals, and use those deals on video line items. This capability enables advertisers to leverage premium, video inventory from publishers through Amazon Publisher Direct (APD), Google, FreeWheel, and Magnite Streaming. When a line item is set to use a programmatic guaranteed deal, the interface is streamlined and simplified to reflect that the publisher will be managing the inventory.

Programmatic guaranteed deals enable direct-buys between advertisers and publishers, while still tapping programmatic model benefits. By using programmatic guaranteed deals, advertisers can access additional video inventory, help reduce manual campaign activation and management processes, and work with publishers on contextual targeting. This can help advertisers save time, become more efficient, meet their delivery goals, and help customers discover new brands.

See our reference documentation for more information.

New Amazon Sponsored TV documentation
March 14, 2024

We have released new overview and tutorial content for Sponsored TV. This content helps you create a Sponsored TV campaign and understand its structure and how to create and preview video creatives.

Find all new Sponsored TV content under Sponsored TV > Overview.

Also see our updated Postman collection, where we have added new Sponsored TV request templates.

Subscribe and Save retail events are now available in the AMC conversions_all paid dataset
March 14, 2024

This includes publication of a new column, sns_subscription_id, within the conversions_all schema. The sns_subscription_id is the identifier for the Subscribe and Save (SnS) enrollment and can be used as a join_key for subscription and fulfillment events within the SnS series. Specific to the conversions_all dataset the SnS events are associated with the conversion event subtypes listed below, and are eligible for data decoration within the sns_subscription_id column:

snsSubscription
firstSnSOrder
repeatSnSOrder
For all other conversion event datasets, the SnS events are associated with the conversion event subtypes snsSubscription and order, and will not include reference to the sns_subscription_id data attribute.

The above applies to all of the equivalent audience tables. SnS retail events are resolved and joined to advertising data feeds with the user_id_type = adUserId. SnS retail events have an initial publication (backfill) date within AMC of June 2023; there are no SnS retail events within AMC prior to this date.

For more information, refer to the Instructional Query (IQ): Introduction to Subscribe and Save (SnS) repeat purchases (link only available for AMC UI users).

Amazon Prime Video supply sources available in AMC
March 14, 2024

These premium video ad placements are represented via the enumerated DSP supply sources listed below:

Sports on Prime (including TNF and NBA): supply_source = ‘AMAZON LIVE STREAM’ (supply_source_id: 610)
Prime Video (on-demand content): supply_source = ‘Prime Video ads’ (supply_source_id: 623)
Both of these DSP supply sources are eligible to produce events within the DSP traffic tables, as well as the joined traffic and conversion event feeds below:

dsp_impressions
dsp_views
dsp_clicks
dsp_impressions_by_matched_segments
dsp_impressions_by_user_segments
amazon_attributed_events_by_conversion_time
amazon_attributed_events_by_traffic_time
Sponsored TV (ST) signals are now available in AMC
March 14, 2024

AMC customers now have access to Sponsored TV (ST) signals if the corresponding Sponsored Ads entities are mapped to their AMC instances. The signals can be identified by applying the filter ad_product_type = 'sponsored_television' in the following tables:

amazon_attributed_events_by_traffic_time
amazon_attributed_events_by_conversion_time
sponsored_ads_traffic
Persona builder API now generally available for Amazon DSP advertisers
March 7, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX, BR, UK, DE, FR, IN, ES, IT, AE, SA, NL, SE, TR, JP, AU

In January, we announced the launch of the persona builder API in beta. This feature is now generally available for Amazon DSP users.

The persona builder API takes an audience expression, representing a persona, as input. The API returns aggregated insights for that persona. An advertiser can call the API to save an audience expression to Amazon DSP as a “combined audience.”

To get started, view the API reference.

Amazon DSP reports added to version 3 reporting
March 6, 2024

We are excited to launch Amazon DSP reports on the latest version (version 3) of the Amazon Ads API as Open Beta. This release provides agencies, brands, and service providers with Amazon DSP reporting in addition to the existing Sponsored Ads reports. The new reports adhere to a common request and response schema we introduced with V3 reports, and provide customers with the same benefits currently available for Sponsored Ads reports: the ability to select date ranges, standardized metric names, and better reports availability over version 2.

This release launches the following reports on V3 reporting for Amazon DSP: Campaign, Inventory, Geography, Technology, Audiences, Off-Amazon, Product, and Conversion Source, in addition to the already migrated Campaigns and Inventory reports. With this release, customers will find better consistency between Amazon DSP reports and those for other ad products.

The new Amazon DSP reports come with standardized metric names allowing consistent naming across all ad product reports. This will enable customers to easily compare metrics across ad product reports. Another major change with this release is using a 14-day attribution window for all applicable Amazon DSP metrics. We dropped deprecated metrics and attribution suffixes in metric names from the reports, making it easier to read and analyze reporting information.

For full technical details, please see our updated documentation in the advanced tools center.

Deprecation announcement: Version 1 and 2 snapshots APIs will shut off on October 15, 2024
March 5, 2024

All snapshots endpoints are now deprecated, with a target shutoff date of October 15, 2024. Please migrate to the exports API as indicated on our Deprecations page.

The following endpoints and all associated HTTP operations are included in this deprecation:

/{recordType}/snapshot
/snapshots/{snapshotId}
/v2/sp/{recordType}/snapshot
/v2/sp/snapshots/{snapshotId}
/v2/sp/snapshots/{snapshotId}/download
/v2/hsa/{recordType}/snapshot
/v2/hsa/snapshots/{snapshotId}
/v2/hsa/snapshots/{snapshotId}/download
/sd/{recordType}/snapshot
/sd/snapshots/{snapshotId}
/sd/snapshots/{snapshotId}/download
For more details on integrating with exports, see the Exports overview.

Deprecation announcement: Amazon DSP Pixel APIs will be shut off on August 1, 2024
February 28, 2024

Regions: All

In 2023, we deprecated Pixel functionality within Amazon DSP in a phased manner to provide enough time for advertisers to migrate over to our durable alternative, Amazon Advertising tag.

As we approach Chrome third-party cookie deprecation in the second half of 2024, we plan to shut off legacy Pixel APIs in Amazon DSP by August 1, 2024. We recommend all advertisers currently using Pixels to migrate to Amazon Ad Tag at the earliest. View the deprecation details for more information.

Updates to the API compatibility and versioning policy
February 28, 2024

We have updated the Amazon Ads API compatibility and versioning policy to clarify our approach to enumerated fields and values. For details, see Compatiblity and versioning.

Traffic events API now available in EU marketplaces
February 28, 2024

Region: EU

We have launched the new traffic events API. This is a data clean room-based service that helps advertisers access event-level data (such as clicks, views and impressions) for eligible EU campaigns. This data can be queried using standard SQL syntax within the body of the traffic events API call. The traffic events API will return results if the advertiser account ID you include in the API call is associated with any eligible campaigns. For full technical details, please visit the traffic events API overview.

Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities via Amazon Marketing Stream GA
February 20, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, SE, TR, AE, SA, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR

Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities insights are now available in Amazon Marketing Stream. Until today, Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities insights were only available to advertisers via the Amazon Ads API. We are excited to now support this insight via Amazon Marketing Stream. This provides an unmodified view of budget recommendations and missed opportunities, which include the additional clicks, impressions and sales from the past 7 days that the campaign could have received had it stayed in budget for the hours it was out of budget.

Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities via Amazon Marketing Stream addresses two use cases: 1) delivery of recommendations in near real-time when a campaign goes out of budget, and 2) delivery of recommendations for all campaigns owned by a subscribed advertiser with no additional API calls beyond the initial subscription.

Amazon Marketing Stream is available via the Amazon Ads API. When you are ready to get started, visit our Amazon Marketing Stream onboarding guide that will walk through the process of getting API access, integrating with AWS, and subscribing to campaign datasets using the Amazon Marketing Stream API.

Improve your Brand Store performance with quality metrics and recommendations
February 15, 2024

Regions: All

Brand Store quality metrics and recommendations are now available with the Amazon Ads API. Now you can access your Store average dwell time, how you compared to peer groups on Amazon, your Store quality rating, and a list of recommended actions you can take to improve your Store quality and performance. A high rating means that you have taken actions that Amazon believes will increase the duration that shoppers spend on your Store (dwell time). We use your Store rating to recommend specific actions that may help improve your Store performance and dwell time.

Learn more about Brand Store insight metrics.

Deprecation announcement: Sponsored Brands legacy version of product collection ads APIs will be shut off on November 30, 2024
February 15, 2024

As we recently announced new version of Sponsored Brands product collection ads APIs on Amazon ads, we recommend advertisers and partners to start migrating to the /sb/v4/ads/productCollectionExtended and /sb/ads/creatives/productCollectionExtended APIs as soon as possible to take advantage of creating the product collection slide show for product collection ads, and edit landing pages of product collection ads.

 Note
The legacy /sb/v4/ads/productCollection and /sb/ads/creatives/productCollection will not enforce mandatory custom image restriction.
The following endpoints and all associated HTTP operations are included in this deprecation:

/sb/v4/ads/productCollection
/sb/ads/creatives/productCollection
If you would like to share feedback, please use the Amazon Ads API Service Desk to open a ticket with subject title "Product collection Ads API Deprecation" by April 30, 2024.

Awareness: Sponsored Brands product collection ads requirement changes
February 15, 2024

Sponsored Brands is making changes to requirements for the product collection ad format. Beginning January 31, 2024, new Sponsored Brands campaigns using the product collection ad format created using the API or Amazon advertising console will require a custom image that meets policy. We will begin enforcing this requirement for all product collection ads on May 31st, 2024. We recommend migrating to the new /sb/v4/ads/productCollectionExtended endpoint which requires a custom image as part of ad creation. The previous /sb/v4/ads/productCollection and /sb/ads/creatives/productCollection will be deprecated, with a target shutoff date of November 30, 2024. The /sb/v4/ads/productCollectionExtended also allows advertisers and partners to create a slide show for product collection ads using collection of custom images and edit their ad landing pages.

In addition, existing product collection ads that do not contain a custom image will stop serving after May 31, 2024. To remediate, we highly recommend that you either use the Amazon ad console to update your product collection campaigns with custom images or use the /sb/ads/creatives/productCollection or /sb/ads/creatives/productCollectionExtended endpoints to update your creatives.

 Note
The creative edit APIs does not support updating creative for legacy (version 3) campaigns. To add a custom image to a legacy product collection campaign, please use the advertising console. You can also create a new campaign using the API.
Learn more about product collection and production collection extended ads in the FAQs. If you would like to share feedback, please use the Amazon Ads API Service Desk to open a ticket with subject title "ASIN only Deprecation" by March 30, 2024.

Sponsored Brands introduces landing page edits on the Amazon Ads API
February 14, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX, BR, JP, SG, AU

Sponsored Brands introducing a landing page edit for Product Collection, Store Spotlight and Brand Video Ads. Advertisers and Partners are now able to change their ads landing page without recreating a new campaign or ad group. Now, each ad can have individual landing pages within same ad group. You can now update your ad group based campaigns landing pages without recreating new ad group or campaign. For editing a landing page, advertisers and partners can use /sb/ads/creatives/productCollectionExtended for Product Collection ads, /sb/ads/creatives/storeSpotlight for Store Spotlight ads, and /sb/ads/creatives/brandVideo for Brand Video ads.

For full technical details, please see the updated documentation on /sb/ads/creatives/productCollectionExtended, /sb/ads/creatives/storeSpotlight and /sb/ads/creatives/brandVideo.

Sponsored Brands Product Collection introduces slide show creatives on the Amazon Ads API
February 14, 2024

Regions: All

Sponsored Brands introducing a new creative Slideshow ads, that will appear at the top of search results page. Slideshow ads are an extension of the existing lifestyle creative, with a carousel of 2-5 lifestyle images that will auto-rotate. Shopper can engage with the slideshow by pausing it at any point in time or switching between different images by making forward or backward swipes.

Advertisers can create the new slideshow using POST /sb/v4/ads/productCollectionExtended where advertiser can provide collection on lifestyle images representing the brand. You can also edit your existing Product Collection creatives using POST /sb/ads/creatives/productCollectionExtended where advertiser can add collection of lifestyle images to convert those ads into slideshow. For more details, see Slideshow ads creative.

For full technical details, please read our documentation.

Support for ads in the exports API
February 14, 2024

Regions: All

We have added support for ads to the exports API. Previously, the exports API was only available for campaigns, ad groups, and targets.

An ad represents the smallest unit of an advertising campaign, including what a customer sees and how they interact with the ad. As part of this release, we have aligned on a common model for all ad types across sponsored ads campaigns. To learn more about the common ad model, see Ads.

With this release, exports now include all functionality provided in snapshots. For more details, see the Exports overview.

To get started with target exports, see:

Exports tutorial
Exports API reference
Sponsored Brands video introduces vertical video creatives on the advertising console and Amazon Ads API
February 13, 2024

Regions: All

Advertisers can now launch vertical video campaigns with a Store as the landing page. Vertical video is available under “Drive page visit” goal, enabling advertisers to highlight a collection of one, two, or three advertised products. Under the “Grow brand impression share” goal, advertisers can launch a video campaign without, or with one, or two, or three advertised products. Shoppers clicking on an advertised product will visit the product detail page; shoppers clicking on any other ad element will visit the brands Store on Amazon. Shoppers will be able to discover the brands they love today - and learn about the brands they will crave tomorrow - with vertical video creatives. Shoppers can explore brands and visit the Amazon Store to learn more about the brand ethos, or explore advertised products by clicking on any of the displayed products. Advertisers will be able to re-use their existing vertical videos from social media, and find new creative ad formats to share their brand story.

For full technical details, please see the updated documentation on Sponsored Brands video.

Amazon DSP Public API Update to Include New Creative-Line Item Statuses
February 13, 2024

Regions: US

We have launched three new fields available in the public API for “line item creative associations,” which provide the creative line item association status. These fields are state, associationModerationStatus, and associationModerationReasons, and they can be used to determine which line items the creative is approved or not approved to run on based on policies.

As part of the line item moderation capability, these fields help you determine if a creative is approved to run based on moderation policies.

For full technical details, please read our documentation.

Troubleshoot your Sponsored Products campaigns for ad-serving issues with the campaign diagnostics API
February 1, 2024

Advertisers and partners can now troubleshoot their Sponsored Products campaigns for any product eligibility, ad policy, or featured offer competitiveness issues by calling the campaign diagnostics API. This API allows partners to programmatically fetch an aggregated list of issues across supported issue types (product eligibility, ad policy, featured offer competitiveness) for a single Sponsored Products campaign or list of Sponsored Products campaigns through a single API call.

Previously, API users had to call separate APIs for product eligibility and ad policy troubleshooting, each taking different entity type (SKU, AdID respectively), then consolidate the results to get an overview of issues impacting their Sponsored Products campaigns. The campaign diagnostics API removes the discovery and cognitive load associated with troubleshooting a Sponsored Products campaign by presenting an aggregated view along with an impact assessment of the issue across the campaign.

For more details, see the technical specifications for the campaign diagnostics API.

Billing APIs now support credit card and direct debit payment methods
January 31, 2024

We have expanded the Amazon Ads payment registration APIs to support credit card and direct debit. Third-party clients can now integrate with the Amazon Ads billing APIs to register credit card and direct debit payment methods, as well as view metadata related to such registrations.

For more details, see the technical specifications for the billing APIs.

Announcing the Amazon Ads API integration dashboard
January 30, 2024

Regions: All

Amazon Ads is introducing a new, personalized experience for developers using the Amazon Ads API. With this release, developers can now log in to the advanced tools center to view key metrics and trends related to their Amazon Ads API integration.

The logged-in experience displays information about your Login with Amazon application and includes an interactive dashboard showcasing API activity. The integration dashboard can help you monitor your integration health, explore trends, and identify inefficiencies in your call patterns. Available breakdowns include calls by response code, product, marketplace, API resource, and hourly call volume.

Access the new experience directly from the Amazon Ads advanced tools center by signing in using your developer.amazon.com account credentials. Once logged in, you can view the Login with Amazon applications associated with your Amazon Developer account. Select an application that has access to the Amazon Ads API to view the integration dashboard.

To learn more, see Integration dashboard.

Search term reports for Sponsored Brands in bulksheets
January 22, 2024

We recently announced that Sponsored Products search term report data was available in bulksheets. Now, we have expanded to support Sponsored Brands search term reports. This report will be in a new tab and will include much of the same information you would find in the advertising console report, including the customer search terms that were used to discover your ads—-but in bulksheets, you will also have the entity IDs available, so you can quickly make adjustments if needed.

You can include a search term report in bulksheets if you go to the bulk operations main page, create a custom spreadsheet, and check the box labeled Sponsored Brands search term report in Step 1.

Learn more about search term reports in bulksheets.

Use persona builder (beta) to create and get insights on your personas
January 19, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX, BR, UK, DE, FR, IN, ES, IT, AE, SA, NL, SE, TR, JP, AU

You can now better understand your audiences and create your own custom brand personas with persona builder. Using Amazon insights, you can discover and validate audience shopping and streaming behaviors. Then, seamlessly save and activate those same audiences through your Amazon Ads campaigns.

Persona builder enables you to use Amazon first-party insights to learn more about your audiences, such as their interests and relevant life events. You can create your own custom brand personas by combining existing audiences into a single persona. For example, if you are releasing a premium headphone with fitness branding, you can create a persona by combining the Amazon “interested in technology,” “in market for headphones,” and “in market for fitness clothing” segments. You can reach your personas on Amazon and beyond by saving them to Amazon DSP.

Persona builder API takes an audience expression, representing a persona, as input. The API returns aggregated insights for that persona. An advertiser can call the API to save an audience expression to Amazon DSP as a “combined audience.”

The following are the key API endpoints:

POST /insights/bandedSize: Get the size range for the input audience;
POST /insights/demographics: Get aggregated demographic insights for the input audience;
POST /insights/topOverlappingAudiences: Get top audiences overlapping with the input audience;
POST /insights/topCategoriesPurchased: Get top retail categories purchased by the input audience;
POST /insights/primeVideo: Get insights on top content streamed on Prime Video by the input audience;
POST dsp/audiences/combinedAudiences: Create a combined audience based on the input audience expression.
Deprecation announcement: AMC instance-level APIs will shut off on August 1, 2024
January 15, 2024

As we recently announced AMC APIs being available on Amazon Ads, we recommend users currently on the AMC instance-level APIs migrate to the upgraded APIs as soon as possible to take advantage of the enhanced security, usability, and performance of new APIs.

 Important
We will stop supporting the instance-level APIs from June 01, 2024 and retire those on August 01, 2024.
After the instance-level APIs retire, calling any of the endpoints will return a 404 error. Migrating to the new APIs at the earliest can help prevent disruptions to your existing business operations. Visit the AMC migration hub to learn more.

In addition, new AMC instances created after March 04, 2024 will not be compatible with the instance-level APIs. You need to build to Amazon Ads APIs before this date to make sure your API workflows can be applied to your new instances.

Advertiser Data Upload APIs are now generally available on Amazon Ads
January 15, 2024

Advertiser Data Upload APIs (ADU 2.0) allows users of AMC to bring their own first-party datasets into AMC for custom and advanced analysis use-cases, such as audience overlap reports, custom attribution, frequency analysis, comparison of off-Amazon behaviors to Amazon advertising events, or analysis by product/ASIN. For more details, refer to Advertiser data upload.

Ads account registration and account details endpoints are now available globally through the Amazon Ads API in open beta
January 10, 2024

Technology partners now have globalized registration and account APIs, available in open beta, to offer advertisers an integrated Amazon Ads onboarding experience from within other platforms. They can also get all accounts of a user with a single, global API call. Advertisers that are eligible for multiple countries now get one advertising account that spans all countries through a new globalized account ID. Each country does have its own ID specific to each advertiser, which you will need to make individual requests for most other APIs.

Previously, ads account registration was only available through the Amazon UI. Once an account was created, advertisers could authorize them to technology partners in the context of a single country, where partner APIs needed to call different endpoints in different regions to compile the countries. Now, they can register a single account globally and get all countries and profile IDs with a single request.

Available APIs:

Accept Terms and Conditions: All registrations must be accompanied by acceptance of the Amazon Ads Agreement. Anyone registering must be presented with the terms and acknowledge agreement. To register, partners must call to get a terms token and activate it by agreeing to terms. Partners can call to check the activation status of the token.
POST /adsAccounts: Register an account. Given a Seller Central account ID, Vendor Central ID, or business details, tech partners can request an ads account. An account ID will immediately be created and returned synchronously, while the individual countries are created asynchronously.
GET /adsAccounts/{advertisingAccountId}: Get details for an account. For registration status, Amazon will return a status of created, pending, partially created or disabled. Additional globalized metadata is available, such as the profile ID and entity ID for each country within the ads account.
POST /adsAccounts/list: List details for all ads accounts to which the authorized user account has access.
For more information, see the user guides for creating accounts and retrieving accounts or view the API specification.

Amazon DSP Events Manager signals are now available in AMC
January 5, 2024

AMC now has access to off-Amazon signals from Amazon DSP Events Manager including Amazon Ad Tag (AAT), Conversions API (CAPI), and Mobile Measurement Partner (MMP) integrations.

With this launch, signals from 10/20/2023 are available.

As part of this launch, two new dimensions (conversion_event_source, and conversion_event_name), and three new metrics (off_amazon_product_sales, off_amazon_conversion_value, and combined_sales) have been added to the following tables:

amazon_attributed_events_by_traffic_time
amazon_attributed_events_by_conversion_time
conversions
conversions_all
conversions_with_relevance
All equivalent audience tables
 Note
The newly added dimensions and metrics will reflect in the tables of your sandbox instances in a future release.
To know more about these signals, and how to use them in your analysis, please refer to the new Instructional Query (IQ): Introduction to Events Manager.

Advertisers using Sponsored Display can now drive traffic to their Store pages
January 4, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX

Advertisers using Sponsored Display can now drive traffic to their Store pages. By launching this new capability, Amazon Ads enables advertisers to use their Sponsored Display images or video ads to redirect shoppers to their Store landing page.

By enabling all creatives within Sponsored Display to link to Stores, advertisers can reach audiences along their shopping and entertainment journey while helping to increase traffic to their Store pages. Sponsored Display allows advertisers to reach shoppers across their entire shopping and entertainment journey, in the Amazon store or third-party destinations. By focusing on driving specific goals using either audiences or contextual targeting, advertisers can quickly set-up powerful display campaigns that link directly to their Store pages.

This new feature drives brand growth by introducing shoppers to a broader product catalog and increasing direct engagement through the Store environment using more Amazon Ads products. Linking back to Store pages allows brands to tell their story in their own voice, without any distractions from other brands or offers.

For full technical details, including the updated landingPageURL for STORE now available within Sponsored Display productAds.

Language translations are now available for Sponsored Display custom creatives
January 4, 2024

Regions: US, CA, DE, ES, BE, NL, SE, EG, AE, SA, JP, IN

In any given marketplace, customers have the option to shop in various languages. For example, on amazon.com in the US, English is the default language, but we also have a full Spanish language experience for customers who select Spanish as their language of preference. We have released a new translation feature that automatically translates Sponsored Display custom creatives to all supported languages within a marketplace. This expands visibility of Sponsored Display, while also providing shoppers with a more seamless experience, enabling them to engage with Sponsored Display ads in the language they have selected.

Previously, Sponsored Display custom creatives ads were only shown in the default language of each marketplace. This feature launch allows for all custom creative ads to be automatically translated, for free, with no extra input required from advertisers, making the ads available for secondary language shoppers to see and engage with.

For full technical details related to Sponsored Display creatives, please see the API reference.

Sponsored Brands forecasting for impressions is now available through the Amazon Ads API
January 2, 2024

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, SE, EG, TR, AE, SA, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR

Sponsored Brands has launched a new API that provides forecasts of impressions based on your campaign settings. Impressions forecasts are an estimate of the number of times your ad(s) will be displayed. These forecasts are available for campaigns with a single ad group that have selected the “Drive page visits” goal-based campaign control. Forecasts are based on machine-learning models that are built on the observable performance of historical campaigns with similar settings. They are not a guarantee of actual impressions.

For full technical details, please see the API reference.

Announcing the availability of Sponsored Brands V4 APIs for KDP and traditional authors
January 2, 2024

Regions: US, UK, DE, FR, IT, ES

We are excited to announce that Sponsored Brands version 4 campaign management API now supports author advertisers. Advertisers, agencies, and tool providers can leverage these APIs to create and manage ad group-based campaigns for authors, which are similar to the advertising console. When setting up a new Sponsored Brands campaign, authors will need to first claim the book, KDP or traditionally published, in their Author Central (A2C) account. The existing Sponsored Brands Ad eligibility still apply.

For full technical details, please see the API reference.

Sponsored Brands video introduces video-only creatives through the Amazon Ads API
December 26, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, FR, IT, ES, NL, BE, SE, PL, TR, AE, SA, EG, IN, SG, AU, JP, BR

Advertisers can now launch video-only creatives that render exclusively on Top of Search and drive audiences entirely to the Store. Prior to this launch, advertisers could only promote one product, or a collection of products, with their Store video ads. This new creative, available under Grow Brand Impression Share outcome optimization, allows advertisers to share their branded story without tying a video campaign to a product, or a collection of products. Advertisers also have the option to edit their existing live video campaigns without the need to re-create a new campaign - under Grow Brand Impression Share - and eliminate any of the one, two, or three advertised products.

For full technical details, please see the updated API reference.

Amazon Marketing Cloud now supports statistical analysis on event-level data
December 26, 2023

AMC launched support for the following most commonly used statistical functions in SQL. These functions can be used in AMC queries, to perform statistical analysis on event-level data.

STDDEV_POP: Returns the standard deviation of a set of numeric values, when the values represent the entire population.
STDDEV_SAMP: Returns the standard deviation of a set of numeric values, when the values are for a sample set of data and not the entire population.
STDDEV: An alias for STDDEV_SAMP. Returns the standard deviation of a set of numeric values, when the values are for a sample set of data and not the entire population.
VAR_POP: Returns the variance of a set of numeric values, when the values represent the entire population.
VAR_SAMP: Returns the variance of a set of numeric values, when the values are for a sample set of data and not the entire population.
VARIANCE: An alias for VAR_SAMP. Returns the variance of a set of numeric values, when the values are for a sample set of data and not the entire population.
SKEWNESS: Returns the estimate of the skewness of a set of numeric values. Skewness is a measure of the asymmetry of the distribution. A positively skewed distribution has a thicker upper tail than lower tail, while a negatively skewed distribution has a thicker lower tail than upper tail. A normal distribution has a skewness of zero.
PERCENTILE: Returns the value at a given percentile of a distribution of values.
APPROX_PERCENTILE: Returns the approximate, discrete percentile value.
MEDIAN: An alias for PERCENTILE(<value>, 0.5). Calculates the median value for the range of values.
See AMC SQL reference for a list of SQL functions AMC supports.

Amazon Marketing Cloud playbooks are now available to all AMC users
December 26, 2023

AMC Playbooks are intended to accelerate specific marketing use cases leveraging AMC data.

Amazon Marketing Cloud data sources adds new campaign_id_string fields
December 26, 2023

A new field, campaign_id_string, was added to the following AMC data sources:

sponsored_ads_traffic
amazon_attributed_events_by_conversion_time
amazon_attributed_events_by_traffic_time
conversions_with_relevance
dsp_impressions
dsp_views
dsp_clicks
dsp_impressions_by_user_segments
dsp_impressions_by_matched_segments
 Note
The campaign_id_string field was also added to the corresponding _for_audiences data sources based on the list from above.
This column is the campaign identifier presented as a string datatype. For DSP campaign events, this value will populate with the same value as the campaign_id column and represented the DSP order id. For Sponsored Ads events, this value will populate with the alphanumeric campaign id string that is associated with the Sponsored Ads campaign object settings. For data sets that join traffic and conversion events, this column will be populated for both Sponsored Ads and DSP traffic events, whereas the legacy campaign_id column will only be populated for DSP events. When conducting SQL joins across data sets or implementing SQL filtering within WHERE statements, please ensure the proper data type has been selected, campaign_id(long data type) versus campaign_id_string (string data type).

Additionally, winningbidcost field was updated to reflect a "soft deprecated" status. The column will still function within AMC SQL queries and populated with LONG data type values, however, it is not recommended for use within customer analysis and insights generation. This value is in the process of being deprecated by upstream data providers from whom AMC sources data attributes for DSP impression events. The winning_bid_cost column is published into the following data sources, and their corresponding _for_audiences data sources:

amazon_attributed_events_by_conversion_time
amazon_attributed_events_by_traffic_time
dsp_impressions
dsp_clicks
dsp_impressions_by_user_segments
dsp_impressions_by_matched_segments
Learn more about Amazon Marketing Cloud data sources

Support for targets in the exports API
December 21, 2023

Regions: All

We have added support for targets to the exports API. Previously, the exports API was only available for campaigns and ad groups.

Targets allow advertisers to influence when ads will or will not appear, as well as specify how much how much to bid for an ad when these conditions are met. As part of this release, we have aligned on a common model for all targeting types across sponsored ads campaign types, including keywords, product targeting, auto targeting, theme targeting, and all negative targeting types. To learn more about the common targeting model, see Targets.

To get started with target exports, see:

Exports tutorial
Exports API reference
Campaign and ad group exports API now generally available
December 21, 2023

Regions: All

Previously, we launched the exports API in preview with limits on TPS and job queue capacity. We have now lifted all restrictions on the exports API and are designating the API as generally available.

The exports API simplifies ingestion of Amazon Ads data by providing a common model across different ad products, creates parity between asynchronous export APIs and synchronous LIST APIs (including extended data fields), and improves performance over the previous snapshot APIs.

To get started with the exports API, see:

Exports overview
Exports tutorial
Exports API reference
Postman collection
Amazon Ads billing launches public APIs for payment profiles and updates to the existing payment agreement APIs
December 13, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, SE, EG, TR, AE, SA, AU, JP, SG, BR

Amazon Ads has launched new APIs to create payment profiles for managing billing operations. A payment profile represents the instructions on how to collect payments for invoices, and can be used in one or more payment agreements. Advertisers can also mark a payment profile as the default profile for their payment operations, and specify which accounts are eligible to share a payment profile.

With this launch, third-party clients now have the option of integrating with the Amazon Ads billing APIs to create independent and reusable payment profiles. For global advertising accounts encompassing multiple advertiser accounts, advertisers now have the option of creating a single payment profile to be shared across all their advertising accounts. A global advertising account can also mark a payment profile as their default payment profile, and all advertising accounts that get created under the global advertising account will automatically use the same payment profile, without needing to setup the payment information.

For full technical details, please see the billing overview and API reference.

Sponsored ads billing registration is now available for third-party integrators through the Amazon Ads API
December 11, 2023

Third-party integrators can now complete their billing registration for sponsored ads accounts using the Amazon Ads API. Advertisers can add their billing information, apply it to one or more countries where they are advertising, and set it as a default on the account for future countries where they register.

Previously, advertisers had to manage the billing information for each country separately and the registration could only be completed in the advertising console. With the billing registration APIs, advertisers can complete the registration programmatically and/or through integrator platforms, so they can get started faster.

Six APIs for billing profile management are currently in open beta:

POST /billingProfiles: Creates one or more billing profiles under a sponsored ads global account. A billing profile can exist even if it is not associated with any country.Note: To ensure accuracy of the information shown on the store, we request that you review the ‘Advertiser Name’ and ‘Payer Name’ in our ad systems and update them if required.
POST /billingProfileUsages: Applies billing profile(s) to one or more countries. Applying a billing profile on a country means corresponding billing information (address & tax) will be used for invoicing, tax computations and other billing workflows.
PUT /billingProfiles: Updates one or more billing profiles under a sponsored ads global account. When you update a billing profile, the new details will be effective across all applied countries.
POST /billingProfiles/list: Fetches the paginated list of billing profiles under a sponsored ads global account.
POST /billingProfileUsages/list: Fetches the billing profile details for all countries under a sponsored ads global account.
GET /billingProfileAgreementContents/{billingProfileAgreementContentId}: Fetches the content of agreements (example: tax agreement, non-canadian residency agreement, etc.). Users will need to read the content and provide the consent as part of creating or updating a billing profile.
See the full technical specifications for the billing profiles APIs.

Sponsored Brands launches version 4 (multi-ad groups) for bulksheets
December 11, 2023

Sponsored Brands multi-ad group campaigns are now available in bulksheets. With this latest version, you will be able to manage Sponsored Brands ad groups in bulksheets. You can also add custom bidding adjustments by placement, update creative assets in bulk, and create all Sponsored Brands ad formats–including Store spotlight ads. Previously in bulksheets, you could not create or manage ad groups for Sponsored Brands, add custom bidding adjustments, or update creative assets.

You can still use the previous version of Sponsored Brands in bulksheets, but you will not see ad groups or any placement data in the spreadsheet. To manage these entities, you must use the latest version, which you can get by selecting the checkbox labeled Sponsored Brands multi-ad group data (NEW) when you download a bulksheets file.

Learn more about Sponsored Brands multi-ad group campaigns in bulksheets

Sponsored Brands goal-based campaigns and theme targeting now available worldwide
December 11, 2023

Regions: All

Different brands prioritize different brand building goals depending on their marketing strategy and their brand building journey. Deciding the right campaign controls (budget, targets, bids, ad creative formats) for those goals can be time-consuming. With this launch, we have introduced two new goals: “Drive Page Visits” and “Grow Brand Impressions Share”; each with a unique set of campaign controls to achieve that goal.

To help drive these goals, theme targeting is a new method to control your campaign targeting. It uses advanced machine learning algorithms that take into account historical performance targets and brand interactions to create a large set of keywords. It then categorizes those keywords into relevant groups to use with your campaigns. Two targeting groups are available in this launch: “Keywords related to your landing pages.” and “Keywords related to your brand”. These targeting groups will be pre-selected to simplify the campaign creation process for advertisers.

With this launch, we have expanded to AU, MX, BR, BE, NL, PL, SE, TR, EG, KSA, UAE, SG and UK so more advertisers can access these features via the Amazon Ads API. For instructions on how to enable these features, refer to our developer guide on how to create Sponsored Brands campaigns and our developer guide on how to create theme based targets.

Amazon DSP Campaign Management API Adds New Optimization Fields
December 8, 2023

The /dsp/orders endpoint has added new enum values and fields to support the new simplified optimization experience.

Summary of changes:

1) Added two new enum values for the goal field:

CONVERSIONS
CONSIDERATION
2) Added a new field: targetKpi

These changes can be found in version 2.5. See the changes here in version application/vnd.dsporders.v2.3+json.

Awareness: Deactivation of non-age-gender demographic segments in Amazon DSP
December 4, 2023

We are deactivating all non-age-gender-demographics segments for Germany, France, Italy, Spain from the following Amazon DSP services: Audience Central UI, Audience Discovery API, Audience Picker UI, Overlapping Audiences, Audience Insights UI, Insights API, Data Decoration Service (DDS, including data output from the EDX interface). Deactivation means that these segments will not be available for any targeting or insights after December 31, 2023. However, any existing campaigns can continue using it until that date.

We will deprecate the impacted segments from targeting UIs on December 04, 2023. Any new campaigns that are created after this date will no longer be able to add those segments for targeting. While these segments will remain visible in the targeting UIs (as deactivated), these segments cannot be added to any campaigns for targeting.

The non-age-gender demographic segments in EU4 are currently sourced from Experian. Experian EU made a decision to stop offering these segments based on an internal assessment by Experian EU team and was driven by privacy compliance reasons. This decision was not specific to Amazon.

Due to the removal of Experian demographic data provision in EU4 mentioned above (Germany, France, Spain and Italy), in November 2022, the demographic segments in the Standard Catalog are no longer being refreshed, and they would be removed by 12/31/2023.

For a full list of segments to be deactivated, you can reference this table.

Sponsored Display launches entertainment targeting
November 16, 2023

Region: US

With Sponsored Display, advertisers can discover, reach, and engage audiences in relevant contexts across their shopping and entertainment journey. With this launch, entertainment targeting will allow advertisers to reach audiences who are either actively engaged in those entertainment contexts or have shown interest in them. Advertisers can engage with specific genres or categories including movies/TV, music and games.

Entertainment targeting helps advertisers reach engaged audience during their entertainment journey, whether they are live streaming, watching videos, or researching games and movies on blog sites. This helps advertisers expand their reach beyond the Amazon store. Additionally, you can ensure your brand ads show up next to content category/genre that aligns with the advertisement. These new targets also allow advertisers to further connect with highly engaged Twitch audiences. We have found that viewers that watch Twitch streaming content spend, on average, more than 42 minutes per visit, the highest among all social media platforms.

For full technical details, please see our updated developer guide and our targeting API, including our new ContentTargetingPredicate that can be used for either contextual (T00020) or audience (T00030) campaigns.

Gross and invalid traffic report now available through the Amazon Ads API
November 16, 2023

Regions: All

The Amazon Ads version 3 reporting API now supports the gross and invalid traffic report. For Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display campaigns, this report can be accessed programmatically.

To optimize the efficacy of their campaigns, large advertisers conduct analytics on metrics such as gross impressions, invalid impressions, invalid impression rate, gross clicks, invalid clicks, and invalid click rate. With this release, advertisers can now programmatically access the data for analytics, whereas previously the data had to be manually downloaded and then used. Amazon Ads traffic quality systems assist in safeguarding advertiser budgets from invalid traffic, such as non-human, fraudulent, and other illegitimate traffic. These metrics provide greater visibility into invalid traffic that Amazon Ads filters and aid advertisers in optimizing their campaign performances.

For full technical details, please read the Gross and invalid report definition.

Hours of day now available for schedule-based budget rules
November 16, 2023

Regions: US, CA, UK, IN, JP

We have added hours of day for schedule-based budget rules for sponsored ads campaigns. Now you can set up budget rules that increase budget at specific times of day. This is in addition to specific days of the week and specific date ranges currently offered as schedules for budget rules.

You can now support campaign budget coverage at specific times of the day by setting up budget rules with hours of day granularity. You can also utilize hourly performance reporting through Amazon Marketing Stream to find the times of day that your campaigns are performing best, and set rules for those time periods to help boost performance.

Budget rules help you plan budget changes in advance so you can spend less time making manual adjustments. Advertisers can use budget rules to reduce the likelihood of campaigns running out of budget, especially during peak days, times, or holiday events. You can set up budget rules with hours of day schedules using the Amazon Ads console or the Amazon Ads API.

For full technical details, please see the user guide and API reference.

Translations of advanced tools center content now available in Chinese and Japanese
November 15, 2023

Regions: All

Developers can now read translations of advanced tools center content in Chinese and Japanese. The current translations reflect the status of advanced tools center documents as of July 2023.

Visit the translations page for more information, or go directly to the Chinese translation or Japanese translation.

Schedule based bid rules now available for Sponsored Products
November 13, 2023

Regions: US, MX, CA, UK, DE, ES, FR, IT, IN

We are launching schedule bid rules for Sponsored Products campaigns, so advertisers can set up bid rules that increase bids at specific times of the day, days of the week, and date ranges. With the launch of schedule bid rules, advertisers can automate their bid changes without missing sales opportunities. Advertisers can also utilize new hourly performance reporting to find the times of day that your campaigns are performing best, and set rules for those time periods to help boost performance.

To learn more, see our schedule based guide.

Sponsored Display allows optimization rules to be included in the forecasting API
November 6, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BR, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, US

Sponsored Display has improved the accuracy of the forecasting API by allowing optimization rules) to be included as an input.

Forecasting helps advertisers understand the impact of their choices during campaign creation. This includes a minimum and maximum range of available impressions, viewable impressions, and clicks that could be available based on the selected advertised products, optimization type, targeting, bid, and optimization rule.

For full technical details, please see our updated forecasting API.

Sponsored Display updates to targeting recommendation API
November 6, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BR, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, SE, UK, US

Sponsored Display now includes themes in the response of the targeting recommendations API.

Theme-based recommendations offer multiple options to target relevant products without the need for additional research from advertisers. Target products under each theme are curated specific to the use case, with high-quality suggestions based on Amazon first-party signals. Each theme will have up to 50 individually recommended products, with flexibility to choose products individually or select all products within a theme.

For full technical details, please see our updated targeting recommendations API documentation.

Sponsored Brands version 2 reporting now supports click and view-based attribution
November 6, 2023

Sponsored Brands reporting version 2 reports now support view and click attributed data for conversion metrics (that is, conversions, sales, units sold, new-to-brand, and detail-page-view metrics) for Sponsored Brands campaigns with a costType of VCPM. The conversion metrics will have the right data depending on the attribution type for the campaign. For campaigns with a costType of CPC, metrics will continue to report click attributed data.

Sponsored Brands recently launched campaigns to grow brand impression share campaigns that are transacted on vCPM basis. It is important to report both view and click attributed conversion metrics for these campaigns, so that advertisers can understand the full performance impact.

See version 2 metrics for updated metric definitions.

DSP audiences edit API now supports editing the name, ASIN list, and lookback period for product audiences
November 2, 2023

Regions: All

Advertisers can now edit the name, ASIN list, and lookback period for product audiences that are not part of an active campaign.

For technical specifications, please consult the API reference.

Amazon DSP launches goal-based bidding
November 1, 2023

Regions: All

Amazon DSP is launching goal-based bidding, which helps advertisers to specify a performance target for their campaigns and allow Amazon DSP to automatically optimize their bids in real-time in order to maximize delivery at their performance target. With this release, advertisers can automatically optimize to both delivery and performance goals.

Goal-based bidding can be used to maximize delivery at a performance threshold that advertisers define. You can now specify a KPI target when creating a campaign—for instance, you can set a target CPA of $10 and choose “Prioritize KPI target” as the optimization strategy. This allows you to maximize your campaign goal, such as conversions, while ensuring that the campaign remains at or near your specified target CPA.

Goal-based bidding is part of the optimization field of the order object in POST /dsp/orders. To get suggested KPI target range, you can use the POST /dsp/campaigns/targetKpi/recommendations endpoint.

Unified pre-moderation API
October 31, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, BR, UK, DE, FR, IN, ES, IT, AE, SA, NL, SE, PL, TR, EG, JP, AU, SG

The Unified Pre-moderation API now offers new capabilities to validate creatives against Technical specifications and Policy requirements. These validations are done ahead of Ad submission. The Unified Pre-moderation API is compatible with Sponsored Ads and DSP.

For technical specifications, please consult the API reference.

Sponsored ads consolidated invoice statement download is now global
October 30, 2023

Regions: All

Sponsored ads advertisers can now choose to download invoices from the last 90 days for one country or for all countries in their global sponsored ads account. Two Amazon Ads APIs are currently in open beta where you can retrieve this information:

POST /billingStatements: This API lets you request for a billing statement to be generated, and returns a billing statement ID.
GET /billingStatements/{billingStatementRequestId}: Call this API to check the generation status of your statement. When the statement is ready, the response includes the pre-signed URL where you can download the file. Download URLs are valid for three hours.
Amazon Marketing Cloud APIs are now part of the Amazon Ads API
October 26, 2023

Amazon Marketing Cloud is now available on the Amazon Ads API to automate workflows, establish integrations, and develop tools and apps at scale. Advertisers and partners can now access Amazon Marketing Cloud (AMC) APIs from the Amazon Ads API, along with APIs for other Amazon Ads solutions such as sponsored ads and Amazon DSP. Using standards from the rest of the Amazon Ads APIs, the updated AMC APIs follow the industry-standard OAuth 2.0 authorization framework and consistent endpoint URL paths. A developer guide is also provided to help users get started and use these APIs. As documented in the Advanced tools center, the new AMC APIs currently support features including reporting, signal management, and audience management.

Previously, advertisers and partners have been using AMC APIs that at an AMC instance level. The new set of AMC APIs offer further enhanced security, usability, and performance, allowing developers to easily utilize, manage, and build with these APIs. See what changed and start your onboarding journey to the Amazon Ads API.

Reach and inspire new audiences using Sponsored TV (beta)
October 23, 2023

Regions: US

Introducing Sponsored TV, a Streaming TV ad solution for brands of any size to connect with new customers in their living rooms— even if they have never advertised on TV before. Pre-packaged with retail aware, shoppable ad formats, Sponsored TV allows marketers to buy Streaming TV with the same flexibility of Amazon Ads self-service ads — that means no minimum spend requirements or upfront commitments. In just a few clicks, brands can help engage relevant viewers across 30+ streaming TV services like Twitch or Freevee. Now, any endemic advertiser can benefit from campaigns modeled by Amazon. With this launch, campaigns are optimized in real time, simplifying the complex process of buying programmatic TV ads.

Now, advertisers can easily get started with Streaming TV, with no minimum spend requirements, daily budgets, and evergreen campaigns. Amazon first-party insights help brands brands reach audiences based on likely content interests such as music videos, video games or dramas as well as product categories on Amazon like headphones or running shoes. Finally, Sponsored TV ads are eligible for interactive ad formats to help you connect with viewers as you reach new audiences.

For more information on how to get started with Sponsored TV, please visit the developer guide on how to get started with Sponsored TV.

Target Promotion API is now available for Sponsored Products
October 23, 2023

Regions: All

We are launching target promotion APIs to allow advertisers to perform target promotion across all their campaigns at scale. Target promotion is a performance advertising strategy that identifies targets for further refinement to drive more efficient spend against high-performing targets and reduce spend on low-performing targets. This combines the common practice of “target harvesting,” which identifies targets to move from broader targeting (for example, automatic targeting) to more focused targeting (for example, manual targeting with broad match), with optimized bids and budget changes.

Before today, Sponsored Products advertisers needed to download a search term report and manually manipulate the report data to add new targets to existing or new campaigns. There was no automated way to add high-performing targets from an automated targeting campaign into a separate manual targeting campaign at scale. With the launch of target promotion APIs, advertisers can achieve more performant campaigns by promoting high-performing targets within auto-targeting campaigns to manual-targeting campaigns at scale.

For more information on how to enable this feature, refer to our developer guide on how to create target promotion.

Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities dataset (beta) available in Amazon Marketing Stream
October 23, 2023

Regions: All

Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities insights are now available in Amazon Marketing Stream. This provides an unmodified view of budget recommendations and missed opportunities, which includes the additional clicks, impressions, and sales from the past 7 days that the campaign could have received had it stayed in budget for the hours it was out of budget.

Sponsored Products budget recommendations and missed opportunities via Amazon Marketing Stream addresses two use cases: delivery of recommendations in near real time when a campaign goes out of budget, and delivery of recommendations for all campaigns owned by a subscribed advertiser with no additional API calls beyond the initial subscription.

Amazon Marketing Stream is available via the Amazon Ads API. When you are ready to get started, visit our Amazon Marketing Stream onboarding guide that will walk through the process of getting API access, integrating with AWS, and subscribing to campaign datasets using the Amazon Marketing Stream API. If you are already integrated with Amazon Marketing Stream, see the new Dataset documentation.

Add-to-cart and new-to-brand detail page view metrics are now available for Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Display in version 3 reporting
October 23, 2023

Regions: All

You can now request new metrics related to add-to-cart actions and new-to-brand details page views. For both Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Display, new metrics include: addToCart, addToCartRate, eCPAddToCart, newToBrandDetailPageViews, newToBrandDetailPageViewRate, and newToBrandECPDetailPageViews for both Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Display reports through the version 3 reporting API.

Sponsored Display also supports additional metrics: brandedSearchesViews, brandedSearchRate, eCPBrandSearch, addToCartViews, newToBrandDetailPageViewViews, and newToBrandDetailPageViewClicks.

For full definitions and report availability for each metric, see Columns.

You can call the version 3 reporting API to access these metrics.

Sponsored Display reports on Amazon Ads API reporting version 3 (beta)
October 23, 2023

Regions: All

We are excited to launch Sponsored Display reports on the latest version (version 3) of the Amazon Ads API in beta. The new reports adhere to a common request and response schema we introduced with version 3 reporting, as well as the ability to select date ranges, standardized metric names, and better reports availability over version 2.

This release launches the following reports on version 3 reporting for Sponsored Display: campaigns, ad groups, targeting, advertised product, and purchased product. The matched target report is merged into other reports to reduce duplication of metrics across multiple reports. With this release, customers will find better consistency between Sponsored Display reports and those for other ad products.

The new Sponsored Display reports come with standardized metric names allowing consistent naming across all ad product reports. This will enable customers to easily compare metrics across ad product reports. Another major change with this release is using a 14-day attribution window for all applicable Sponsored Display metrics. We dropped deprecated metrics and attribution suffixes in metric names from the reports, making it easier to read and analyze reporting information.

For full technical details, please see the migration guide and report types overview.

Preview: Sponsored Brands reports on Amazon Ads API reporting version 3
October 23, 2023

Regions: All

 Note
Sponsored Brands reports are currently available in preview. During the preview period, data related to Sponsored Brands campaigns with flag isMultiAdGroupsEnabled=False will not be available. Once version 3 reporting supports all Sponsored Brands campaigns, we will announce general availability in the release notes.
We are excited to launch Sponsored Brands reports on the latest version (version 3) of the Amazon Ads API in preview. The new reports adhere to a common request and response schema we introduced with version 3 reporting, as well as the ability to select date ranges, standardized metric names, and better reports availability over version 2.

This release launches the following reports types for Sponsored Brands in version 3: campaign, placement, ad group, targeting, search term, and ad, in addition to the existing purchased product report. With this release, customers will find better consistency between Sponsored Brands reports and those for other ad products.

The new Sponsored Brands reports come with standardized metric names allowing consistent naming across all ad product reports. This will enable customers to easily compare metrics across ad product reports. Another major change with this release is using a 14-day attribution window for all applicable Sponsored Brands metrics. We dropped deprecated metrics and attribution suffixes in metric names from the reports, making it easier to read and analyze reporting information.

For full technical details, please see the migration guide and report types overview. For access, please submit a Jira ticket.

Deprecation announcement: Legacy Bid Optimization Strategy and Adjustment by Shopper Segment will deprecated on March 31st, 2024
October 18, 2023

The legacy bid optimization strategy and adjustment by shopper segment feature will be deprecated on March 31, 2024. If the parameters bidAdjustmentsByShopperSegment and bidOptimizationStrategy are included in the bidding object of the POST /sb/v4/campaigns request after March 31, 2024, the values will be treated as null values. If you have any questions, visit the Amazon Ads API Support page and create a ticket with the subject title: "Sponsored Brand New To Brand optimization."

Sponsored Brands expands goal-based campaigns and theme targeting to additional marketplaces
October 13, 2023

Regions: CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, UK, US

Different brands prioritize different brand building goals depending on their marketing strategy and their brand building journey. Deciding the right campaign controls (budget, targets, bids, ad creative formats) for those goals can be time-consuming. With this launch, we have introduced two new goals: “Drive Page Visits” and “Grow Brand Impressions Share”; each with a unique set of campaign controls to achieve that goal.

To help drive these goals, theme targeting is a new method to control your campaign targeting. It uses advanced machine learning algorithms that take into account historical performance targets and brand interactions to create a large set of keywords. It then categorizes those keywords into relevant groups to use with your campaigns. Two targeting groups are available in this launch: “Keywords related to your landing pages.” and “Keywords related to your brand”. These targeting groups will be pre-selected to simplify the campaign creation process for advertisers.

This feature was previously only available in the US, but with this launch, we have expanded to CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, and UK so more advertisers can access this feature via the Amazon Ads API. For instructions on how to enable these features, refer to our developer guide on how to create Sponsored Brands campaigns and our developer guide on how to create theme based targets.

French advertisers can now measure brand marketing impact using Amazon Brand Lift
October 9, 2023

Regions: FR

French advertisers can now measure upper and mid-funnel Amazon Ads campaigns with Amazon Brand Lift, joining advertisers in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany, where Amazon Brand Lift was already available.

Amazon Brand Lift is an insightful and privacy-safe way for advertisers to quantify the impact of upper and mid-funnel campaigns. With participation of the sizable, representative, and engaged Amazon Shopper Panel community, Amazon Brand Lift helps provide objective and concrete measurement results. The reporting provides insights, such as how much a campaign has impacted the percentage of respondents who report being aware of a brand or interested in purchasing from a brand.

To create, manage, and retrieve results for Amazon Brand Lift studies, use the following endpoints:

Create study: POST /dsp/measurement/studies/brandLift
Update study details: PUT /measurement/studies/brandLift
Get results: GET /measurement/studies/brandLift/{studyId}/result
For more details, view the API reference.

Brand Posts are now available through the Amazon Ads API
October 5, 2023

Regions: US

Advertisers in US can now create Posts via the Amazon Ads API. All sellers and vendors now have access to a Brand profile to create Posts. To have a Brand profile, you must be registered in Amazon Brand Registry. By combining the creative assets API and Posts APIs, you can automate Post creation and the publishing process.

Learn more about the Amazon Brand Registry or contact the team.

Previously, advertisers needed to have a Store before they could create a Posts profile, and could not reuse the existing image assets available in the creative asset library when creating Posts. With this launch, some new capabilities include:

Stores dependency removed: Advertisers no longer need to have a Store to create a Post profile, making the process much more streamlined with the introduction of Brand profiles.
Asset reuse: Advertisers can reuse an existing image asset available in the creative asset library to create Posts.
For more information, see our guides for Managing and Reporting on Posts, as well as the API reference.

Sponsored Display forecasting for clicks and viewable impressions is now available
October 5, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BR, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, US

Sponsored Display has improved the forecasting API by adding clicks and viewable impressions.

Forecasting helps advertisers understand the impact of their choices during campaign creation with a minimum and maximum range of available impressions, viewable impressions, and clicks that coudld be available for a set of selected advertised products, optimization type, targeting, and bid values. This helps advertisers create campaigns that will deliver results, understanding scale by experimenting with the campaign setup, and forecasting the output of an investment before they get started.

Forecasting will be available for Sponsored Display through the Amazon Ads API. For full technical details, please see our updated forecasting API documentation.

Awareness: Sponsored Brands may increase or decrease bids to help achieve goals
October 5, 2023

Regions: All

To help advertisers achieve specific goals for their Sponsored Brands campaigns, bids can be automatically adjusted up or down. If we find an opportunity where your ad is more likely to lead to page visits or conversions for campaigns with “Drive Page Visits” goal with a costType of CPC, we may increase your bid for that auction to help achieve that goal. Similarly, if we find an opportunity that looks less likely to lead to your campaign goal, we may lower your bid for that auction. For example, Amazon can adjust bids if we see higher expected results that can “Drive Page Visits”.

For more information related to bidding, please see our updated help page.

Amazon Ads billing launches public APIs for payment registration, eligibility, and execution
October 2, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, SE, AU, JP, BR

We have launched new APIs for basic billing operations, so advertisers can check which payment methods are eligible to register to their advertising account. They can then update the payment method their advertiser account is using. Lastly, we also added support for executing payments on open invoices using either the advertiser current payment method or a one-time payment method.

With this launch, third-party clients can integrate with the Amazon Ads billing APIs and trigger basic operations that are part of the billing lifecycle. This feature is already available via the advertising console, so this launch expands access via the public API.

There are four new endpoints included in this release:

POST /billing/paymentMethods/list
POST /billing/paymentAgreements
POST /billing/paymentAgreements/list
POST /billing/invoices/pay
For full details, see the API reference and overview.

Sponsored Display has enhanced the forecasting API by adding improved responses
September 28, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BR, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, US

Sponsored Display has added forecast status to the API to better understand how targeting can affect delivery and scale.

Forecasting helps advertisers understand the impact of their choices during campaign creation with a minimum and maximum range of available impressions inventory for a set of selected advertised products, optimization type, targeting, and bid values. This helps advertisers create campaigns that will deliver results, understanding scale by experimenting with the campaign setup, and forecasting the output of an investment before they get started.

The new forecastStatus is now available through the Sponsored Display including IMPRESSION_TARGETING_TOO_NARROW and IMPRESSION_TARGETING_TOO_BROAD. For full technical details, please see our updated Sponsored Display documentation.

Preview: Campaign and ad group exports APIs
September 26, 2023

Regions: All

Note: We are announcing these APIs in preview so that you can make test calls and start your integration. During preview, these endpoints have a smaller TPS and job queue capacity. Once these APIs are ready for scaled adoption and support their full TPS and job queue capacity, we will post a new release note.

Amazon Ads API has launched new export APIs as an update to the existing snapshots functionality. The new APIs currently support asynchronous campaign and ad group exports for Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display.

These APIs simplify ingestion of Amazon Ads data by providing a common model across different ad products, create parity between asynchronous export APIs and synchronous LIST APIs (including extended data fields), and improve performance over the previous snapshot APIs.

To get started with the export API, see:

Exports overview
Exports tutorial
Exports API reference
Postman collection
In the near future, we will expand exports to add support for targets and ads.

Amazon Ads common models documentation
September 26, 2023

With the launch of export APIs, we have added a new section to the advanced tools center where we document common Amazon Ads models. The goal of these models is to simplify understanding of and reduce differences across ad products. Currently this documentation covers campaigns and ad groups, including the fields and enum values in the common models, usage across ad products, and mapping to the latest versions of each ad product campaign management APIs.

In the future, we will be adding more entities to this documentation, starting with targets and ads, and using these common models in future API releases.

For more details see:

Campaign model
Ad group model
Enums
If you have any comments or questions on these models, please leave a comment in Github.

Improve Sponsored Products campaign performance on rest-of-search placements (beta)
September 21, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, EG, TR, AE, SA, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR

Sponsored Products Rest Of Search Placement Bid Adjustment is now available in beta. Advertisers using the Amazon Ads API or bulksheets can now apply bid adjustment for rest-of-search placements in their Sponsored Products campaigns. The new placement bid adjustment control for rest of search works same as the adjustments available for top-of-search (first page) and product-page placements. Through the new control, advertisers can adjust their bid for rest of search by up to 900%, same as the other two placements.

The new placement bid adjustment helps advertisers to balance their campaign performance across the three different placements (top of search, rest of search, product pages). The control is available for all targeting types (auto and manual) and bidding strategies (fixed and dynamic bidding). Advertisers already have access to campaign performance split by the three placements in campaign manager and Sponsored Products placement report. Using the available reporting, advertisers can measure the impact of using the new control in Sponsored Products campaigns.

For the API, you can view the relevant API contract changes by looking at dynamicBidding.placementBidding.placement in POST /sp/campaigns. Use the new enum PLACEMENT_REST_OF_SEARCH to add an adjustment percentage.

For bulksheets, you will apply this new placement in the "bid adjustment" entity row when you create or update campaigns. Learn more about creating bid adjustments in bulksheets

Integral Ad Science (IAS) Context Control Targeting and Avoidance on third-party supply
September 19, 2023

Regions: All

Amazon DSP now supports Integral Ad Science (IAS) Context Control products for brand suitability (avoidance) and contextual targeting. This feature is available worldwide to DSP self-service advertisers, and supported on standard display, video, and AAP - mobile app line items running on third-party supply sources. Advertisers will pay a CPM fee from their campaign budgets for the use of these products.

Per IAS - “Context Control products use patented cognitive semantic technology that relies on natural language processing (NLP) to dynamically comprehend the nuances of context using sentiment and emotion analysis across 50 languages. This provides customers precise, page-level content classification at scale.”

For brand suitability, advertisers will be able to choose avoidance segments that are suitable for protecting their brands from exposure to specific content, or negative sentiments they do not want their brands to be associated with. They can do this without avoiding all instances of a certain topic and thus implement brand suitability standards that align closely with their brand values.

For contextual targeting, advertisers can target contextually relevant content for their brand or campaign. This also allows them to increase ad relevance in third-party supply environments where ad identifiers are not available. For more information, see our updated documentation.

Sponsored Display improves bid recommendations by supporting campaigns with video creatives
September 18, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BR, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, SA, SE, TR, UK and US

Sponsored Display is launching bid recommendations for video creatives. Advertisers can now customize creatives and receive bid recommendations when using any custom creative, including headline and logo, image, or video. Previously, bid recommendations were only customized for campaigns with static images. With this launch, advertisers receive relevant bid recommendations to ensure their video campaigns have improved inputs to help them reach their audiences.

For full technical details, see our updated bid recommendationsresource. This resource will help find relevant bid suggestions when using either video or image creatives.

Sponsored Display optimization rules (beta) API is now available
September 18, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK and US

We launched a new API, optimization rules (beta), to simplify the campaign management process for advertisers using Sponsored Display. This launch allows advertisers to set performance-based parameters that remove the guess work from selecting an exact bid for each target. This helps advertisers of any size and with any budget achieve their goals with the help of Amazon first-party data and machine learning capabilities.

Before this launch, advertisers needed to translate their desired goals into efficient bids and targets across different cost types. In reality, this turns out to be the biggest issue driving lower scale and campaign effectiveness. By translating goals into bids using machine learning with optimization rules (beta), Amazon can help advertisers achieve better results through continuous optimization. In the future this will be extended to targeting optimizations to further maximize goals.

For campaigns optimized for reach or click, advertisers can apply a cost-based rule like cost per thousand ad views (vCPM) and cost per click (CPC). We will then utilize machine learning models to define the bids while adjusting base bids up and down with the goal of increasing outcomes, all while adhering to the cost-based rules. While Amazon Ads cannot guarantee performance, if the campaign is not meeting the cost target over a 21-day period (excluding special days), we recommend adding additional targets to allow our systems to reach the right audiences.

Optimization rules are now available for Sponsored Display through the Amazon Ads API. For full technical details, see our updated documentation.

Bulksheets downloads are now available in all languages
September 15, 2023

Regions: All

You can now download a bulksheet in your chosen language if that language is selected in your advertiser profile. For example, if Japanese is the language selected in your profile, you will see Japanese text in bulksheets downloads. When you upload the file, you can use any supported language, regardless of the language selected in your profile. Note that the “Operation” field will be blank in the downloaded file. If you need guidance on what values to enter into this field for languages other than English, refer to this language guide for bulksheets translations.

Amazon DSP campaign signals now available on Amazon Marketing Stream
September 13, 2023

Regions: All

Amazon Marketing Stream is expanding to include new Amazon DSP campaign datasets. This includes information on Amazon DSP campaigns, flights, ad groups, and ad group targets.

These signals enable Amazon DSP advertisers and partners to be notified in near real time via Amazon Marketing Stream when Amazon DSP campaign data changes (for example, when campaigns pause, budgets change, or bids update) and what the modification was across thousands of advertising campaigns. Amazon Marketing Stream can help improve information integration patterns and operational efficiency by reducing the number of API calls that are required for intraday campaign optimization. Advertisers and partners can use this dataset to react to events in near real time, such as campaign status changes, rather than run multiple intraday snapshots. Amazon Marketing Stream helps simplify the extract, transform, and load operations compared to snapshots, by showing you only information that has changed, when it occurs.

The Amazon DSP campaign data is split into four datasets: campaigns, flights, ad groups, and ad group targets for each AWS region. To learn more and access this feature, review the Amazon Marketing Stream Onboarding guide, and subscribe to the new Amazon DSP campaign datasets.

Original video download is now available on Sponsored Brands media API
September 13, 2023

Regions: All

Sponsored Brands API now allows advertisers to download their original video media using the GET /media/describe. Advertisers can use originalMediaUrl to retrieve their original video media in .MP4 format. Previously, advertisers could only download a preview of the original video using publishedMediaUrl.

Going forward, please use the asset library for all creative management as the POST /media/upload will be deprecated on 1/31/2024. For further instruction, refer to the API specifications here.

New goal KPIs added to Amazon DSP API
August 31, 2023

For the kpiName field in the Goal Configurations Discovery API and Orders API, we have added three new enum values and changed two to match the ADSP UI. We have also changed TOTAL_RETURN_AD_SPEND to TOTAL_RETURN_ON_AD_SPEND in the Goal Configurations Discovery API goalKpi field. In addition, we have added definitions for each enum value.

Here are the details:

Goal Configurations Discovery API goalKpi field:

Added descriptions
Changed from COST_PER_ACQUISITION to COST_PER_ACTION
Removed COST_PER_DOWNLOAD
Added COST_PER_FIRST_APP_OPEN
Added COST_PER_INSTALL
Added TOTAL_COST_PER_SUBSCRIPTION
Changed from TOTAL_RETURN_AD_SPEND to TOTAL_RETURN_ON_AD_SPEND
Orders API goalKPI field:

Added descriptions
Changed from COST_PER_ACQUISITION to COST_PER_ACTION
Removed COST_PER_DOWNLOAD
Added COST_PER_FIRST_APP_OPEN
Added COST_PER_INSTALL
Added TOTAL_COST_PER_SUBSCRIPTION
See the changes here.

Deprecation announcement: Planned shutoff date of May 28, 2024 for version 1 profiles
August 21, 2023

Profiles version 1 endpoints are now deprecated, with a target shutoff date of May 28, 2024. Please migrate to the latest version of the profiles endpoint as indicated on our Deprecations page.

The following endpoints and all associated HTTP operations are included in this deprecation:

/v1/profiles
/v1/profiles/{profileId}
If you would like to share feedback, please use the Amazon Ads API Service Desk to open a ticket with subject title "Profiles v1 Deprecation" by December 15, 2023.

Sponsored Brands launches goal-based campaigns
August 17, 2023

Regions: US

Different brands prioritize different brand building goals depending on their marketing strategy and their brand building journey. Deciding the right campaign controls (budget, targets, bids, ad creative formats) for those goals can be time-consuming and prone to errors. With this release, we are introducing Sponsored Brands goal-based campaigns, providing simplified campaign creation and management workflow for the desired goals to better achieve your brand marketing objectives. In this release, we will introduce two new goals: “Drive Page Visits” and “Grow Brand Impressions Share”; each with a unique set of campaign controls to achieve that goal. This helps advertisers of any size grow their brands and deliver business objectives with simplified campaign controls and guidance powered by Amazon 1P data and machine learning capabilities.

Advertisers can access this feature via the Amazon Ads API. For instructions on how to enable this feature, refer to step one of this guide to getting started with campaigns.

Sponsored Brands launches theme-based targeting
August 17, 2023

Regions: US

Sponsored Brands theme targeting provides a new method to control your campaign targeting. It uses advanced machine learning algorithms that take into account historical performance targets and brand interactions to create a large set of keywords. It then categorizes those keywords into relevant groups to use with your campaigns. Two targeting groups are available in this launch: “Keywords related to your brand” and “Keywords related to your landing pages.” These targeting groups will be pre-selected to simplify the campaign creation process for advertisers.

Advertisers can access this feature via the Amazon Ads API. For instructions on how to enable this feature, refer to this developer guide.

Sponsored Brands performance metrics are now available in beta through Amazon Marketing Stream
August 15, 2023

Sponsored Brands datasets are now available globally in Amazon Marketing Stream. We are excited to expand the Sponsored Brands datasets in Amazon Marketing Stream to all countries currently supported by the Amazon Ads API. These datasets are currently available in beta. Amazon Marketing Stream delivers Amazon Ads campaign metrics and information to advertiser or integrator AWS accounts via a push-based model in near real time. This data will not be available for Sponsored Brands version 3 (legacy) campaigns.

Amazon Marketing Stream is already available globally for Sponsored Products and Sponsored Display campaigns and sponsored ads budget usage via the Amazon Ads API for agencies, tool providers, and direct advertisers, including vendors and sellers worldwide. When you are ready to get started, visit the Amazon Marketing Stream onboarding guide.

For more information on the new Sponsored Brands datasets, see:

Sponsored Brands traffic
Sponsored Brands conversion
Sponsored Brands clickstream
Sponsored Brands rich media
Awareness: Campaigns created using Sponsored Brands version 3 are now stored as multi-ad group campaigns across all regions
August 11, 2023

Regions: All

As of August 10th, all campaigns created using the version 3 Sponsored Brands POST /sb/campaigns endpoint are stored as multi-ad group (version 4) campaigns. With this change, existing integrations should continue to work as intended. Advertisers, agencies, and tool providers can leverage the Sponsored Brands version 4 endpoints or the Amazon advertising console to create additional ad groups and ads.

Previously, these changes were limited to the US marketplace but we have completed the backend migration across all regions. For full technical details, see the version 4 migration guide.

Preview: Sponsored Products rest-of-search bid adjustment control
August 6, 2023

Advertisers will soon be able to apply bid adjustment controls for rest-of-search placements in their Sponsored Products campaigns. The new placement bid adjustment control for rest-of-search placements works in the same way as the adjustments available for top-of-search (first page) and product-page placements. Through the new control, advertisers will be able to adjust their bid for rest of search by up to 900% (same as the other two placements). This will be available for bulksheets as well as the API.

You can view the relevant API contract changes by looking at dynamicBidding.placementBidding.placement in POST /sp/campaigns. Once available, you will be able to use the new enum PLACEMENT_REST_OF_SEARCH and add an adjustment percentage. This enum is currently in a read-only state, and we will update the release notes when you can start using this feature.

Automatic video localization now available for Sponsored Brands video creatives
August 2, 2023

Regions: DE, ES, IT, FR

Amazon Ads has made it easier for advertisers to create policy-compliant Sponsored Brands video campaigns in marketplaces where they are unfamiliar with the local language. Now, if advertisers add a video to their Sponsored Brands video ad that does not match with the language requirements of the country, they can opt to have their video auto-localized into the country local language. Localization takes up to 72 hours and the campaign goes live automatically once the video is localized. This localization service is offered to advertisers at no extra cost and comes quality assured by professional linguists. At launch, the service supports English source videos into German, French, Italian, and Spanish.

Every month, thousands of campaigns are rejected due to advertisers submitting an English video for non-English speaking regions. This new feature helps advertisers overcome this friction related to building creatives in non-english languages, and enables more campaigns to be created.

The new consentToTranslate field is supported in the following endpoints:

/sb/v4/ads/video
/sb/v4/ads/brandVideo
/sb/v4/ads/list
/sb/ads/creatives/video
/sb/ads/creatives/brandVideo
/sb/ads/creatives/list
For full technical details, please see our updated documentation for /sb/v4/ads/brandVideo as an example.

Amazon Marketing Stream is now generally available for near real-time insights
August 1, 2023

Regions: All

We are excited to announce that Amazon Marketing Stream, which was first launched for North America as beta on June 21, 2022, is now generally available. Amazon Marketing Stream delivers Amazon Ads campaign metrics and information to advertisers’ or integrators’ AWS accounts via a push-based model in near real time. You can subscribe to Amazon Marketing Stream datasets using your API token and AWS account. Once you are subscribed, Amazon Marketing Stream delivers hourly, near real-time performance metrics and signals. Stream supports different categories of data: hourly performance reporting metrics, near real-time campaign management notifications, and push-based recommendations. Stream is available in all locations where the Amazon Ads APIs are supported.

In the past, access to scaled campaign reporting was limited to pull-based Amazon Ads API calls that provided daily performance, and on-demand access to other campaign information. API users who desired more real-time, intra-day campaign insights have manually pulled this information by calling Amazon Ads API multiple times a day, sometimes resulting in increased throttling. In addition, the current approach puts the burden on developers to identify changes between new and old data. Such API usage patterns highlighted the need to build a product that better addresses our customers’ evolving use cases.

Amazon Marketing Stream is available via the Amazon Ads API. When you are ready to get started, visit our Amazon Marketing Stream onboarding guide that will walk through the process of getting API access, integrating with AWS, and subscribing to campaign datasets using the Amazon Marketing Stream API.

Deprecation announcement: Legacy bulksheets will be deprecated on September 28, 2023
July 27, 2023

The legacy version of bulksheets will be deprecated on September 28, 2023, and will no longer be available for campaign management. Ahead of this date, we encourage you to migrate to the new version if you have not started already.

To help you through this transition, we have published a new set of bulksheets documentation, getting started guides, video tutorials, detailed instructions for creating and managing all sponsored ads campaigns, and other resources. Please check out these links to learn more:

Bulksheets overview
Migration guide
Video tutorials
FAQs
Deprecation announcement: Sponsored Brand versions 3 campaign management, draft, & media APIs will shut off on January 31, 2024
July 27, 2023

Sponsored Brands versions 3 campaign management, draft, and media APIs are being deprecated, with a target shutoff date of January 31, 2024. Please migrate to the new versions of campaign management endpoints as documented on our Deprecations page and in our Migration guide. As a part of this deprecation, Sponsored Brands draft endpoints have reached their end of life and will not be replaced with new endpoints.

The following endpoints and all associated HTTP operations are included in this deprecation:

/sb/campaigns/
/sb/adGroups/
/sb/adGroups/{adGroupId}
/sb/campaigns/{campaignId}
/sb/drafts/campaigns
/sb/drafts/campaigns/{draftCampaignId}
/sb/drafts/campaigns/submit
/media/upload
If you would like to share feedback, please use the Amazon Ads API Service desk to open a ticket with subject title "SB v3 Campaign CRUD Deprecation" by August 15th, 2023.

Businesses that do not sell in the Amazon store can now grow their business using Sponsored Display (beta)
July 24, 2023

Regions: US

We have extended Sponsored Display capabilities to advertisers who do not sell in the Amazon store. Previously, Sponsored Display was only available for brands that sell products on Amazon. With an easy-to-use interface and no minimum spend requirements, advertisers can create compelling display ads in just a few clicks to help grow their business.

Advertisers who do not sell on Amazon can now connect with relevant audiences for their business using Sponsored Display. With this launch, advertisers can:

Reach relevant audiences, in relevant locations, on and off the Amazon store: Activate Amazon Ads exclusive audiences built from shopping and streaming signals. Choose postal code, city, designated market area (DMA), and/or state locations. Reach audiences on Amazon.com, Twitch, IMDb, and thousands of websites and apps beyond the Amazon store.
Drive visits to your site with visually-appealing creative formats: Boost visibility and drive visits to your website with engaging display ads. All advertisers need is an image, headline, and logo to get started. We will do the heavy lifting and build ads optimized for a variety of placements, sizes, and devices to increase reach.
Easy and simple campaign set-up: Create compelling display ads in just a few clicks, with a few basic inputs across bidding, targeting, creatives, and landing page destination.
Advertise with no minimum budget requirements: With no minimum budget requirements, Sponsored Display unlocks the power of Amazon Ads for any self-service advertiser.
For full technical details, please see our new developer guide on Sponsored Display for all advertisers. You can also explore all the calls needed to build an off-Amazon Sponsored Display campaign in our Postman collection.

Campaign and ad group IDs now available in Sponsored Brands purchased products API reports
July 21, 2023

Regions: All

Campaign ID and ad group ID are now available when you request a Sponsored Brands purchased products report. You can find these IDs in two new columns in the report. These IDs will not be available for Sponsored Brands version 3 (legacy) campaigns.

These IDs are important because they are unique identifiers that do not change over time, whereas the entity names can change. Without the IDs, advertisers would need to locate the IDs outside of the purchased products report, which can waste time and increase manual effort.

To use this feature, request the additional base metrics (campaignId and adGroupId) as part of the Sponsored Brands purchased product report generated via the version 3 reporting API.

Sponsored Brands missed opportunities and budget recommendations are now available for advertisers globally
July 20, 2023

Regions: CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, SE, EG, TR, AE, SA, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR

Sponsored Brands advertisers in CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, SE, EG, TR, AE, SA, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR can now access the missed opportunities and budget recommendations API (previously only available in the US), which provides budget recommendations for campaigns that have gone out-of-budget and estimates of missed business impressions, clicks, and sales.

Advertisers can leverage this service to understand the impact of out-of-budget campaigns and reduce the likelihood of going out-of-budget, which will help campaigns reach their full potential.

For full technical details, see the API reference.

Sponsored Brands brand video ads now allow a collection of products
July 20, 2023

Regions: All (except BE)

We have enhanced Sponsored Brands brand video ads so that advertisers can highlight a collection of products to direct shoppers to their brand store. Prior to this launch, advertisers could only promote one product with their brand video ads. Now, advertisers can highlight a collection of products (up to three products) when creating a new campaign.

Stores are more discoverable to shoppers, as they are the primary method for advertisers to showcase brands and products in a multi-page, immersive shopping experience on Amazon. Stores allow brands to curate content that inspires, educates, and helps shoppers discover the brand entire product selection, taking shoppers from inspiration to action.

For full technical details, see the updated documentation on Sponsored Brands brand video ads. This feature is only available on the Sponsored Brands version 4 Amazon Ads APIs. If you have not yet migrated from Sponsored Brands version 3 to Sponsored Brands version 4, please review our migration guide.

Improved OpenAPI specification rendering
July 19, 2023

Regions: All

We have updated our rendering UI for OpenAPI specifications to provide an easier browsing experience for developers. The new layout allows easier navigation across the different methods and API endpoints. With this change, we have added a consistent layout across the schemas, fixed deep indentation when expanding and collapsing schemas, added the ability to view schemas and examples at the same time, and enabled easy copying of samples and parameters. API reference pages are also now mobile friendly and accessible.

To explore the new layout, check out any of our API reference documents. If you have any feedback, please leave a comment in the related GitHub discussion.

Omnichannel Metrics fee launches for US Consumer Packaged Goods advertisers
July 18, 2023

Regions: US

As of June 26, 2023, Omnichannel Metrics (OCM) charges a usage fee of “4% of media spend”.

To calculate the OCM fee, 4% will be applied to the "Supply cost" in Amazon DSP and only applied to impressions where OCM is enabled. For example, if an order is booked to run from 8/1/23 to 8/30/23, and OCM is enabled on 8/15/23, you will only be charged for impressions that run from 8/15/23 to 8/30/23. Advertisers using OCM will be billed on a monthly basis following standard invoicing timelines.

amazonOmnichannelMetricsFee can be found while setting up OCM in the Amazon DSP Studies page. Once OCM is enabled, the fee can be accessed via Amazon DSP Campaign manager, Report center, and Amazon Ads API for integrators.

OCM enables you to measure the impact of your ad tactics on holistic shopping activities across retail outlets, on-Amazon and off-Amazon) while campaigns are mid-flight. Through our automated budget optimization feature, you can reallocate budgets to better performing line-items before the campaign ends, to help improve the overall campaign ROAS. OCM launched for general availability in October 2022 for all US CPG advertisers.

amazonOmnichannelMetricsFee can be accessed via Amazon DSP Campaign manager, Report center, and Amazon Ads API for integrators.

Chinese and Japanese translations now available for bulksheets downloads
July 18, 2023

Bulksheets downloads are now available in Chinese and Japanese languages. If you have one of these selected as the language in your advertiser profile, you can download a bulksheets file in the selected language. All headers, error messages, and other text will be translated. Some text, such as campaign and ad group names, will remain unchanged. For bulksheets uploads, you can use Chinese, Japanese, or English, regardless of the language selected in your profile. For bulksheets uploads, you can use Chinese or Japanese if these are selected in your profile, or you can upload in English, regardless of the language selected in your profile.

Amazon DSP launches deals creation and editing API feature
June 30, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, AU, UAE, JP, BR, NL, TR, SE, IN, SA

Amazon DSP is launching several new endpoints available through the Amazon Ads API to enable advertisers to manage their Amazon DSP programmatic deals:

POST /dsp/inventory/deals
Creates a third party deal object
PUT /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}
Updates a third party deal object
GET /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}/advertiserPermissions/advertiserList
Gets list of advertisers assigned to the deal and its advertiser permissions strategy type
PUT /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}/advertiserPermissions/advertiserList
Updates advertiser permissions by adding/removing advertisers to/from the advertiser permission list
POST /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}/advertiserPermissions
Assigns permissions strategy to deal object
GET /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}/advertiserPermissions
Gets the advertiser permissions strategy type for a given deal
DELETE /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}/advertiserPermissions
Deletes both the permission strategy and associated advertisers from the deal advertiser permissions
Though these features were previously available in the Amazon DSP console, advertisers can now access them programmatically through the Amazon Ads API. This helps bring the Amazon Ads API experience in line with the advertising console, and gives advertisers greater flexibility when managing Amazon DSP programmatic deals.

With these additional Amazon Ads API endpoints, advertisers can create and update their Amazon DSP programmatic deal libraries, and build their own business applications leveraging these objects. They can now push their own deals to their Amazon DSP deal library, and assign specific advertiser permissions to each deal.

This release supports all standard deal types, except Amazon Audience Guaranteed deals, which users will need to continue creating/updating via their Amazon DSP console. For full technical details, please see our deal create and update API documentation and deal advertiser permissions API documentation.

Campaign signals now available on Amazon Marketing Stream
June 29, 2023

Regions: All

Amazon Marketing Stream (beta) expands to include new sponsored ads campaign datasets. This includes information on Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display campaigns, ads, ad groups, and targeting.

These signals enable Amazon Ads advertisers and partners to be notified in near-real-time via Amazon Marketing Stream when sponsored ads campaign data changes (for example, when campaigns pause, budgets change, or bids update) and what the modification was across thousands of advertising campaigns. Amazon Marketing Stream can help improve information integration patterns and operational efficiency by reducing the number of API calls that are typically required for intra-day campaign optimization. Advertisers and partners can use this dataset to react in near real-time to events that happen, such as campaign status changes, rather than run multiple intraday snapshots. Amazon Marketing Stream helps simplify the extract, transform, and load operations compared to snapshots, by showing you only information that has changed, when it occurs.

The new campaign datasets are available to advertisers and partners using Amazon Marketing Stream (beta). This is available worldwide, with campaign datasets available by AWS region.

The sponsored ads campaign data is split into four datasets: campaigns, ad groups, ads, and targets for each AWS region. You can access it following the instructions for Amazon Marketing Stream Onboarding Guide, and subscribe to the new campaign datasets.

Bulksheets column header name and value updates for readability
June 22, 2023

We have updated the names of some column headers and values to make them more readable. For example, in the Portfolios sheet, the Portfolio Id heading is now Portfolio ID and in the Budget Policy column, the noCap value is now No Cap and the dateRange value is now Date Range.

You will see these new heading and values in any new sheets that you request. Note that previous and new column header values will continue to function as before in bulk upload, and there is no need to update old sheets to the new headings and values.

We are currently updating the documentation and we will continue to document the previous headers and values and add the new headers and values alongside to make these updates clear.

Rapid retail analytics
June 21, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BE, BR, CA, DE, EG, ES, FR, IT, JP, IN, MX, NL, PL, SA, SE, SG, TR, UK, US

Rapid retail analytics, available through the Selling Partner API, allows advertisers to unlock hourly retail metrics. Analytics are available minutes after the close of an hour. This provides access to near real-time retail signals like ordered units and glance views to help advertisers measure performance and adjust their marketing and advertising activities.

Partners and advertisers can leverage this timely information to add a never-before-available layer of measurement and insights to improve ASIN-level analytics, automate campaign changes, and inform cross retail-ads optimizations. Tool providers can add advertiser value by using rapid retail analytics to automatically increase budget allocated to an ASIN when hourly sales are below an expected range. They can also build their own specific strategies, such as ingesting advertiser forecasts.

Rapid retail analytics is exclusively available through the Selling Partner API, with full details here. If you are not yet using the Selling Partner API, see the getting started guide.

Updated: Sponsored ads daily budgeting policy and options
June 20, 2023

Regions: All

Previously we announced updates to our daily budgeting policy that allow you to spend up to 100% more than your average daily budget. This update enables you to benefit from high-traffic days by using budgets from previous days when your spend is below your daily budget. The daily budget amount is averaged over the course of a month.

We have now updated the default rollover value for all accounts to be 100%. This change only impacts accounts that have not yet selected a default, either through the API or the advertising console. If you have already chosen either 25% or 100%, you will not experience any change in your settings. You can set your default to 25% using the POST /accountBudgets/featureFlags endpoint.

For more information, view the User guide.

Awareness: Campaigns created using Sponsored Brands version 3 are now stored as multi-ad group campaigns
June 15, 2023

Regions: US

As of May 22, any campaigns created using the version 3 Sponsored Brands POST /sb/campaigns endpoint are stored as multi-ad group (version 4) campaigns. With this change, existing integrations should continue to work as intended. Advertisers, agencies, and tool providers can leverage the Sponsored Brands version 4 endpoints or the Amazon advertising console to create additional ad groups and ads. This change is currently only in place for US advertisers. We will expand this change to advertisers in other regions in the coming months.

See the version 4 migration guide for additional details.

Vendor test accounts now available for Belgium marketplace
June 15, 2023

Regions: BE

Vendor test accounts are now available for Belgium through the Amazon Ads API. For an updated list of supported marketplaces for both vendor and author test accounts, see Creating test accounts in the advanced tools center.

A new look for the advanced tools center
June 15, 2023

We have released a new user interface for the advanced tools center, featuring an updated look and feel as well as a new navigation. The navigation is now responsive, and readable on mobile devices.

Documentation is split into categories based on use case:

Developer guides—featuring tutorials, product overviews, and code samples for developers
API reference—containing OpenAPI specifications and conceptual content about REST APIs
Knowledge Hub—including blogs, workshops, and bulk operations documentation
You can also find a dedicated section for Support and Release notes for all advanced tools.

If you have any feedback on the new design, we would love to hear from you in GitHub.

Top-of-search impression share available through the Amazon Ads API
June 6, 2023

Regions: US, CS, MX, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, BE, PL, NL, SE, EG, TR, AE, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR, SA

We added a new top-of-search impression share metric for Sponsored Products and Sponsored Brands to reporting in the Amazon Ads API. This metrics helps brands measure the effectiveness of their campaigns and keywords at driving brand awareness at scale.

Integrators can now access the top-of-search impression share metric daily through the API. You can apply the metric to your systems to power notifications, automations, and other functionality. This helps support meeting top-of-search impression share goals on critical campaigns and keywords. These metrics can help brands accelerate brand strategy analysis and optimization as well as customer acquisition.

The new top-of-search impression share metric is available at the campaign and keyword level through the sponsored ads reporting APIs. For Sponsored Products, the metric is available in sponsored ads version 3 reporting. For Sponsored Brands, the metric is available through the sponsored ads version 2 reporting. For more information on the metric and its report availability, see topOfSearchImpressionShare in version 3 and version 2.

Amazon DSP launches expanded off-Amazon conversion import and management options
May 29, 2023

Regions: All

Advertisers tracking conversions occurring on their owned website, app, or offline property (such as an in-store environment) can now leverage two new options for conversion information delivery. Amazon Advertising tag can be used for tracking user actions taken on an advertiser-owned website. In addition to website conversions, Conversions API can accept events occurring in an advertiser-owned app, or offline property, such as an in-store environment through a server-to-server connection with the advertiser server or an integrated third party server. In addition to conversion signal delivery, the Conversions API allows advertisers to create and manage their conversion definitions, as well as access a user information deletion feature to assist advertisers with privacy-compliance for newly opted out users.

Both sources support the use of durable identifiers, such as consented hashed email and are offered as durable alternatives to Simple Pixel (to be deprecated by the end of 2023). Conversions API is a great option for customers who host their event information themselves or in a third party server and prefer not to implement a third party tag on their website. Conversions API newly introduces the ability to import off-Amazon offline transactions, i.e. an end-user making a purchase in a store environment.

Conversions API and corresponding features will be available to managed service and self-serve Amazon DSP advertisers world-wide. Tracked conversions can be viewed and managed in the Amazon DSP console Conversions page. To use the conversions for campaign measurement, conversions can be associated with orders using a new ‘Off-Amazon conversions’ widget when creating orders in the Amazon DSP console. Conversions signals will also be made available as seed information for audience building in the Amazon DSP console within Audiences.

To start importing conversions, customers will use the Amazon DSP API to create a new object called a conversion definition. Conversion definitions enable advertisers to associate additional information about the event, such as fallback value or processing preferences. When importing events, each event will be mapped to a conversion definition using a conversion definition ID. For full technical details, please read the API reference.

Announcing the tactical recommendations API (beta) for sponsored ads
May 25, 2023

Regions: All

Partners and advertisers can now use the tactical recommendations API to get suggestions for their Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display campaigns. Recommendations are made by Amazon Ads machine learning algorithms or account management teams, and each recommendation includes the campaign setting changes needed to execute the recommendation. Example recommendation types include campaign optimizations like recommended bids, budgets, or targets, as well as suggested settings for creating new campaigns.

The tactical recommendations API contains three new endpoints:

POST /recommendations/list to retrieve recommendations
POST /recommendations/update to update recommendations
POST /recommendations/apply to automatically apply recommendations to your account
For more information, view the API reference, Overview, and Getting started guide.

New fields in Sponsored Brands Keyword Recommendation response
May 25, 2023

Regions: US, CA, UK, DE, ES, IT, FR, PL, NL, SE, UA, SA, AU, JP, IN, SG, BR, MX

New metrics are now available for the Sponsored Brands keyword recommendation through the Amazon Ads API. You can now receive search term impression share and search term impression rank for each recommended keyword. Search term impression share and rank are only available if your account has generated impressions for search terms matching the recommended keywords.

These metrics help with making informed keyword selections by identifying potential keywords to target based on your impression share and impression rank of search terms. Search term impression share shows how your account-wide impression share for each search term compares to other advertisers, and the overall percentage of ad impressions you receive compared to other advertisers over last 7 days. For example, if you have a Sponsored Brands impression share of 20% for a search term, it means that you won 20% of all Sponsored Brands ad impressions for that search term. Similarly, search term rank helps you understand the level of activity on terms that you are targeting. For example, if you have a search term impression rank of 3 on a search term, it means that you received the third most Sponsored Brands ad impressions for the same search term over the last 7 days.

For full technical details, please see the API reference.

Brand Metrics expands to include India, Australia, and Mexico marketplaces.
May 23, 2023

Marketplaces: US, CA, UK, IT, FR, DE, ES, JP, IN, AU, MX

Brand Metrics is a new measurement solution that quantifies opportunities for your brands at each stage of the customer journey on Amazon, and helps brands understand the value of different shopping engagements that impact stages of that journey. With Brand Metrics you can now access awareness and consideration indices that compare brand performance to peers using models predictive of consideration and sales. Brand Metrics is built at scale to measure all shopping engagements with your brand on Amazon, not just ad-attributed engagements and quantifies the number of shoppers in the awareness, consideration, and purchase stages of the shopping journey with your brand. Brand Metrics also provides Return on Engagement, so you can measure the average historical sales following a consideration event or purchase.

Brand Metrics helps you...

Understand your brand performance. Brand Metrics measures the number of actual on-Amazon shopper engagements.
Measure the impact of your upper and mid funnel tactics to see how they contribute to shoppers moving through the purchase journey.
Evaluate engagement metrics to understand the value of your branded intent, and how brand purchasers go on to generate additional sales in the 12 months following a purchase.
Monitor your performance relative to your category and peers at each stage of the purchase journey and over time.
Optimize your marketing and advertising efforts on Amazon to engage more shoppers and build your brand.
This release features two new endpoints - /insights/brandMetrics/report and /insights/brandMetrics/{reportId} to generate and retrieve Brand Metrics report in CSV or JSON format. With these endpoints the developers can now create customizable reports by passing in a date range, a brand name, or by passing in specific metrics from a list of Brand metrics.

For full technical details please see our overview and Brand Metrics reference documentation in the Amazon Ads API.

Awareness: Sponsored Display will be introducing dynamic client-level throttling
May 18, 2023

On 05/22/2023, Sponsored Display will introduce dynamic client-level throttling based on the most common partner traffic patterns. These limits are determined on a per-region basis with multiple limit tiers that correspond with our existing service capacity. With these changes, Sponsored Display campaign management client level throttling will be more consistent with Sponsored Products V3 API.

Please note that different time periods of higher utilization may occur each day. Keep this in mind if you encounter a higher occurrence of 429 HTTP response codes. For more information, see our updated rate-limiting documentation. Rate limits in the Amazon Ads API are dynamic and based on system load. If you experience frequent rate limits, you can decrease this by following our best practices to avoid rate limiting.

If you have any questions, visit the Amazon Ads API Support page and create a ticket with the subject title: "Sponsored Display dynamic client-level throttling."

Sponsored Display audiences now available for advertisers in Belgium
May 12, 2023

Regions: BE

Sponsored Display has extended audiences targeting for registered sellers and vendors to Belgium, enabling access to views and purchases remarketing. These targeting strategies enable advertisers to reach new prospective customers through both awareness and consideration campaigns using custom lookback windows.

With the launch of Sponsored Display audience targeting in Belgium, registered sellers and vendors can customize the audiences they want to reach based on customer shopping signals and granular product refinements. For example, an advertiser can engage with audiences who searched, viewed, or purchased a collection of products on Amazon and reach them again on and off Amazon. Advertisers using Sponsored Display can also customize their creatives choosing any combination of video, headline, logo, or lifestyle image to help audiences discover their brands and products.

For full technical details, see our Sponsored Display targeting documentation.

Keeping users informed about the latest service status information with Amazon Ads Status (beta)
May 10, 2023

We are excited to launch Amazon Ads Status (beta), a new offering that provides all advertisers with the latest status information on Amazon Ads services. Advertisers will be able to see the current status of services like campaign creation, campaign management, ad delivery, and reporting on sponsored ads and Amazon DSP. Should there be a service interruption, advertisers can see more details for the event, including the description and status updates for that service.

In the past, there has not been a dedicated location where advertisers or API integrators could look to get the current status of Amazon Ads services. During any service interruption, advertisers could only get that information after they log in to the advertising console or Amazon DSP. With the introduction of Amazon Ads Status (beta), users can now view the current status of Amazon Ads services and be updated with the latest information during any potential service disruptions, without the need to log in to the advertising console or Amazon DSP.

The ad status information can be accessed programmatically using https://status.ads.amazon.com/status.json, which returns Amazon Ads Status in JSON format. The JSON schema is also available using https://status.ads.amazon.com/status.schema.json.

Questions or comments on this feature? We would love to hear your feedback in GitHub.

Get new insights about your Store from ASIN engagement metrics
May 4, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, EG, PL, IT, FR, AU, AE, JP, BR, NL, TR, IN, BE, SG, SE, SA

We are introducing new ASIN engagement metrics for select brand Stores* using the Amazon Ads API. With these metrics, eligible brands can understand how shoppers are engaging, and to what degree, with products listed on their brand Store. Metrics include ASIN renders, views, in-stock views, in-stock view rate, average in-stock view price, clicks, click-through rate, add-to-cart rate, purchases, units sold, conversion ratio, and average sales price.

Store engagement metrics allow brands to better understand how shoppers interact with ASINs featured on their Store. Brands can use this signal over time to help increase shopper engagement, improve their store merchandising, keep high performing products in stock, and help boost overall Store performance.

The ASIN engagement API returns key ASIN engagement insights for a given brandEntityId. For full technical details, see the API reference.

*Not all brand Stores will have access to ASIN engagement metrics at launch; we are working on a phased rollout plan to additional Stores in 2023.

More control over auto-targeting campaigns in bulksheets
May 4, 2023

When you create Sponsored Products campaigns with automatic targeting, you can now create the four product targeting entities and apply a custom bid to each targeting expression (close-match, loose-match, complements, and substitutes). You can also set the targeting entities to be paused if you do not want to apply a bid to a specific target. If you want Amazon to automatically create these targeting expression entities, you can choose not to create them, and one targeting entity will be created for each expression type with the ad group default bid applied. Learn more about creating Sponsored Products auto-targeting campaigns.

Search term reports for Sponsored Products in bulksheets
April 28, 2023

Search term report data is now available for Sponsored Products in bulksheets. This report will be in a new tab and will include much of the same information you would find in the advertising console report, including the customer search terms that were used to discover your ads—-but in bulksheets, you will also have the entity IDs available, so you can quickly make adjustments if needed.

You can include a search term report in bulksheets if you go to the bulk operations main page, create a custom spreadsheet, and check the box labeled Sponsored Products search term report in Step 1.

Learn more about search term reports in bulksheets

Awareness: Sponsored Display campaigns with no delivery could be automatically paused
April 28, 2023

Starting September 30, 2023, any Sponsored Display campaigns that have not delivered any viewable impressions, clicks, or conversions over a 6-month look-back period could be automatically paused. This will allow advertisers and partners to focus on the campaigns that are driving outcomes.

To help campaigns deliver results, Sponsored Display has features to create high-performance campaigns based on the outcomes they have selected. Advertisers and partners can create campaigns that are optimized for reach (to increase awareness), page-visits (to increase consideration), or conversions (to increase sales).

We suggest adopting the following tools to help Sponsored Display campaigns deliver viewable impressions, clicks, or conversions (depending on how the campaigns are optimized):

Bid recommendations API
Targeting recommendations API
Budget usage API
Campaign diagnostic recommendations through Amazon Marketing Stream
If you have a question, you can go to the Amazon Ads API Support page and create a ticket with the subject title: "Sponsored Display pausing campaigns with no delivery."

A new search experience in the advanced tools center
April 25, 2023

We have introduced a new search UI to improve discoverability in the advanced tools center. The new design makes it easier to sort based on the type of content you are looking for: Guides & tutorials, API reference documentation, or release notes. You can also see your past searches.

We have also improved our search algorithm to cover more content and enabled fuzzy match, so even if your search term does not match exactly, you should see results.

Give it a try and let us know if you have any feedback in GitHub.

Introducing a new homepage for the advanced tools center
April 18, 2023

We have improved the design of the advanced tools center homepage to make it easier to discover resources and technical documentation.

From the new homepage you can:

Easily access video tutorials, courses, user guides, and events.
Quickly navigate to popular content and see what is new.
Compare our different advanced tools offerings from a single page.
Check out the new homepage now, and if you have any feedback, we would love to hear it in GitHub.

New metrics available for Sponsored Brands performance-based budget rules
April 6, 2023

Regions: All

In July 2022, we expanded the budget rules API to support performance-based budget rules for Sponsored Brands campaigns using return on ad spend (ROAS). We have now added two new metrics for Sponsored Brands performance-based budget rules: top-of-search impression share (metricName is IS) and percent of sales new-to-brand (metricName is NTB).

Budget rules help you plan budget changes in advance so you can spend less time making manual adjustments. You can set rules based on specific dates or performance goals. Advertisers can use budget rules to reduce the likelihood of campaigns running out of budget, especially during peak days or holiday events.

For more information, see:

Sponsored Brands budget rules API reference
Sponsored Brands budget rules overview
Sponsored Brands performance-based budget rules
Sponsored Display launches recommendations for Amazon audiences in Amazon Ads API
April 6, 2023

Sponsored Display has launched targeting recommendations for Amazon audiences. Amazon audiences is a catalog of pre-built, easy-to-use audience segments that help advertisers discover and reach new customers.

Advertisers can now find suggestions on Amazon audiences to help discover new customers based on their brand core customers. For example, if an advertiser sells camping accessories, they can select the recommended audience “Outdoor Enthusiasts.” These recommendations are built by Amazon Ads and informed by a variety of first-party shopping signals. Self-service advertisers can now directly connect with audiences relevant to their promoted products by selecting the recommendations. These recommendations are now available for Sponsored Display audience targeting campaigns within the Amazon Ads API.

Advertisers can now find relevant suggestions on audiences across four segments: in-market, lifestyle, interests, and life events that are informed by Amazon first-party shopping and streaming signals.

For full technical details, please see our Sponsored Display documentation, including the updated targeting recommendation documentation.

Note: If you are already specifying a version in the Accept request-header field, you must update to application/vnd.sdtargetingrecommendations.v3.3+json to access the new features.

Budget usage percentage now generally available for real-time pulls in Amazon Ads API
April 5, 2023

Regions: All

With the new budget usage feature now available to API users without access restrictions, users worldwide can pull their real-time budget usage percentage for Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display using the Amazon Ads API. You can pull budget usage information for both campaigns and portfolios.

Your budget usage percentage helps you understand how fast your campaigns and portfolios are spending daily budgets, and can give you the information needed to make quick budget decisions.

For more information, see the budget usage resource in the Sponsored Products reference, Sponsored Brands reference, Sponsored Display reference, or Portfolios reference. You can also test the budget usage endpoints using our Postman collection.

New Amazon Sponsored Brands and creative asset library documentation
April 3, 2023

We have released new overview and tutorial content for Sponsored Brands and the creative asset library API. This content helps you create a Sponsored Brands campaign and understand its structure, the different ad formats, and how to upload and register creatives.

Find all new Sponsored Brands content under Sponsored Brands > Overview. Find all new creative asset library API content under Common resources > Creative Asset Library beta.

Also see our updated Postman collection, where we have added new Sponsored Brands and creative asset library request templates.

Sponsored Ads campaign recommendations in Amazon Marketing Stream worldwide
March 31, 2023

Amazon Marketing Stream (beta) has added a new dataset, surfacing sponsored ads campaign recommendations to partners worldwide. With this release, partners can now receive targeted recommendations that they can use to manage campaigns more efficiently. These recommendations not only highlight opportunities to improve the performance of existing ad campaigns or create new ad campaigns, but also surface the suggested campaign settings to take action on those opportunities. These recommendations have been available to advertisers in the advertising console and we are now expanding access through Amazon Marketing Stream worldwide.

The sponsored ads campaign recommendations come in the form of pre-packaged campaign setting changes suggested by Amazon Ads machine learning algorithms, based on a diagnosis of the advertiser catalogue and campaigns (for example, campaigns that have opportunity to improve ROAS compared to similar campaigns by optimizing bids, or unadvertised ASINs that can drive incremental sales if added to an ongoing campaign). Each recommendation will have an insight on how the opportunity was identified and details on the inputs for the recommendation. The campaign setting changes are delivered as campaign optimizations including recommended bids, budgets, or targets, as well as suggested settings for creating a new campaign. After subscribing to this dataset on Amazon Marketing Stream, partners receive these recommendations daily. Partners can easily update or apply the recommendations in bulk by calling the tactical recommendations API and passing the recommendation ID. Partners can also use the sponsored ads campaign management APIs to make the suggested campaign changes.

The current recommendations available in the dataset include:

Sponsored Products budget recommendations to identify high performing campaigns (ROAS of greater than three) that might run out of budget in next seven days (utilized 80% of their budget).
Sponsored Products budget rules for special events to identify campaigns which might go out of budget during upcoming high-traffic days in the next eight weeks and apply a budget increase for those specific days.
Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Display bid optimization to identify low-performing campaigns and suggest bid optimization to improve ROAS.
We will enabling more recommendations in the coming months.

For more details:

View dataset schema and IAM policies
Create SQS queues for the new dataset using our CloudFormation template
View Tactical recommendations API user guide for Stream
Sponsored Display launches video creative capabilities for advertisers in Belgium, Egypt, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, and Turkey
March 30, 2023

Regions: BE, EG, SA, SG, PL, TR

Sponsored Display has expanded video creative capabilities for advertisers in Belgium, Egypt, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, and Turkey. The new video format empowers advertisers to showcase their products and brand through immersive storytelling (for example, tutorials, demos, unboxing, and testimonials). Advertisers using Sponsored Display audiences or contextual targeting can build awareness and consideration of their products and brand on and off Amazon using a video ad format.

Advertisers can now choose to customize creatives using a headline and logo, image, or video through Sponsored Display self-service display solution that helps grow their business with Amazon across more marketplaces. The new video creative capability supports videos up to 45 seconds so advertisers can better tell their stories to customers, helping them understand the product and brand with more engaging content.

Video creatives can help advertisers tell better stories while serving ads on and off Amazon in their own visual language, helping shoppers get excited about the brand and product experience. If insights on creative are available that helps drive traffic or engagement, advertisers can use that creative for their Amazon Ads campaigns. Ads will link directly to the advertiser product detail pages, so audiences can learn more about their product and consider purchasing.

For full technical details, please see our updated Sponsored Display documentation, including contextual targeting support for creativeType of VIDEO.

New Amazon DSP reporting documentation
March 29, 2023

We have released new overview and tutorial content for the DSP reporting API.

This content helps you:

Request your first report.
Understand DSP reporting concepts such as dimensions and reporting according to your account type.
Get answers to frequently asked DSP reporting questions.
Reference a consolidated lists of DSP report types and metrics.
Find all new reporting content under Reporting > Amazon DSP.

See also our updated Postman collection. We have included new DSP report request templates for each DSP report type.

New sponsored ads daily budgeting policy and options
March 28, 2023

Regions: All

We have updated our daily budgeting policy for Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display, allowing you to spend up to 100% more than the average daily budget on any given day. This update enables you to benefit from high-traffic days by using budgets from previous days when your spend is below your daily budget. The daily budget amount is averaged over the course of a month.

This feature is available for vendors, sellers, and authors, and the policy change is effective worldwide for sponsored ads.

You can also choose to set the additional spend from leftover amounts to 25% or 100% for all your campaigns using the average daily budget settings API. For more information, view the user guide and API reference.

Active budget rules on a campaign now increase your daily budget independently of other rules
March 20, 2023

As announced at the end of January, additive budget rules are now live for users of the Amazon Ads API and advertising console. Now, if multiple budget rules meet their conditions, all rules are applied and increase daily budget independently.

This change will impact all advertisers worldwide (vendors and sellers) who use budget rules for their Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display campaigns through the Amazon Ads API or advertising console.

You can learn more about additive budget rules in the user guide associated to your product (Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, Sponsored Display).

Access valuable brand Stores insights from the Amazon Ads API
March 14, 2023

Regions: US, UK, DE, FR, JP, CA, IT, ES, IN, AU, NL, AE, SA, TR, BR, MX, SG, EG, BE, SE, PL

We are introducing a new brand Stores insights API you can use to programmatically to access Stores insights. These insights include performance metrics like number of store visitors, sales, orders, and page views. This information can be combined with other ads data for you to get holistic view of your Store performance.

Historically, Store owners could only access insights through the Amazon advertising console one store at a time. With introduction of the Store insights API, Store owners can access the same information through the Amazon Ads API. This is especially helpful for getting Store insights across different countries (or locales).

The insights API returns key Store insights such as views, orders, units purchased, and store visits for a given brandEntityId. Advertisers are also able to filter the results based on date range, Store page, and source of traffic such as ads, organic traffic, and custom tags. The API response is paginated a max number of documents returned of 1500.

For full technical details, see the API reference.

Worldwide support for Sponsored Display in Amazon Marketing Stream
March 8, 2023

Sponsored Display datasets are now available globally in Amazon Marketing Stream (beta). We are excited to expand the Sponsored Display datasets (sd-traffic and sd-conversion) in Amazon Marketing Stream (beta) to all countries currently supported by the Amazon Ads API. Amazon Marketing Stream delivers Amazon Ads campaign metrics and information to the advertiser or integrator AWS accounts via a push-based model in near real time.

To access the Sponsored Display datasets in the EU or FE regions, you should use the following AWS source ARNs as part of your IAM policy:

sd-traffic dataset:

EU: arn:aws:sns:eu-west-1:947153514089:*
FE: arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:310605068565:*
sd-conversion dataset:

EU: arn:aws:sns:eu-west-1:664093967423:*
FE: arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:818973306977:*
For more details:

View the Data guide for full IAM policies for each dataset.
Create SQS queues for Sponsored Display datasets in the new regions using our updated CloudFormation template.
Amazon Marketing Stream reference implementation
March 8, 2023

We have released a new reference implementation that developers can use to set up and manage an Amazon Marketing Stream integration. This python-based reference application uses the AWS CDK to provision the suggested AWS infrastructure needed to confirm dataset subscriptions and start receiving advertiser data. The package also contains a CLI to create, update, and read Stream dataset subscriptions for any given advertiser.

For more information, find the reference implementation in GitHub or view our Reference implementation overview.

Improve campaign impression delivery using the Sponsored Brands campaign insights API
March 7, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, UK, DE, ES, PL, IT, FR, AU, AE, JP, BR, NL, TR, SE, IN, SA, SG

Sponsored Brands campaign insights provides advertisers with new metrics and insights to inform Sponsored Brands campaign creation. This feature:

Provides search term impression share and search term impression rank for keywords.
Informs an advertiser if selected keywords have low search traffic.
Informs an advertiser if bids have a low probability of winning an auction.
Search term impression share indicates the percentage share of all ad-attributed impressions an advertiser received on that keyword in the last seven days and search term impression rank indicates an advertiser ranking among all advertisers for a keyword by ad impressions in a locale or country. Search term metrics are only available for keywords the advertiser has previously targeted with Sponsored Brands ad impressions.

Campaign insights enable advertisers to make informed keyword selections and productive bids during the campaign creation process. The search term metrics can help advertisers identify potential keywords to target. The keyword and bid insights can help advertisers understand if they should make adjustments to their keyword selections or bid amounts. These new metrics and insights can improve an advertiser ability to win and deliver impressions.

Vendors and sellers can use the new POST /sb/campaigns/insights endpoint to send a request. Currently, only keyword targets are supported.

Amazon Marketing Stream (beta) launch in India
February 28, 2023

We are excited to expand Amazon Marketing Stream (beta) to India. This expansion follows our global launch in October 2022.

Note: Advertisers in India are considered part of the EU region and should be subscribed to queues in AWS region eu-west-1.

Sponsored Brands version 4 campaign management APIs are now generally available
February 28, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, BR, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, SA, SG, UK, US

Today, we are moving the Sponsored Brands version 4 campaign management API functionality out of beta and into general availability status. Advertisers, agencies, and tool providers can leverage these APIs to create and manage their Amazon Sponsored Brands campaigns worldwide. You can generate create and manage ad group-based campaigns as well as legacy campaigns similar to the advertising console. To encourage adoption, the version 4 APIs follow the existing API pattern for Sponsored Products or Sponsored Display for campaign management. This functionality is available to advertisers, tool providers, and agencies that have self-service access to Sponsored Brands.

We previously released these endpoints in beta. Today, we have added two new endpoints to update and delete campaigns. Note that the endpoint structure has changed. For example, POST /sb/beta/campaigns is now POST /sb/v4/campaigns.

The beta endpoints will be deprecated on August 31, 2023. You will need to start using the general availability endpoints by this date. For more details, see Deprecations.

For more information, see:

Migration guide
Creating version 4 campaigns
API reference
Awareness: Budget rules history endpoints to be deprecated on August 31, 2023
February 28, 2023

The following endpoints will be deprecated on August 31, 2023:

GET /sp/campaigns/{campaignId}/budgetRules/budgetHistory
GET /sb/campaigns/{campaignId}/budgetRules/budgetHistory
GET /sd/campaigns/{campaignId}/budgetRules/budgetHistory
For more information, see Deprecations.

Amazon DSP reporting API adds advertiser limits to entity-level reports
February 17, 2023

Regions: US, CA, MX, DE, ES, FR, IT, ES, NL, UK, AU, IN, JP, UAE, SA

To improve the performance and stability of the Amazon DSP reporting API, we have set a limit for entity-level report requests to one hundred advertisers per report request. For entities with more than one hundred advertisers, you now need to request reports of up to one hundred advertiser IDs at a time. For entities with less than one hundred advertisers, there is no change. Additionally, entities that are invalid or do not have any advertisers will now receive an error message. These changes apply to all users of the reporting API across all available regions.

For more details, see the DSP reporting reference.

Version 3 reporting API bug fix
February 15, 2023

We are updating the version 3 reporting API to fix a bug in the purchased product report for Sponsored Brands and Sponsored Products.

This bug caused currency values to be reported in cents or equivalent denominations instead of dollars and equivalent denominations. This has now been fixed in the purchased product report for both Sponsored Products and Sponsored Brands. Now all currencies will be reported in dollar or equivalent denominations based on the currency of the profile that a given campaign is associated with. For more information, please see the version 3 purchased product report.

Sponsored Display launches reach and frequency metrics
February 13, 2023

Regions: US, CA, ES, FR, IT, DE, UK, AE, JP, IN, AU, NL, BR, MX, SE, SG, PL, TR, EG, SA, BE

Sponsored Display is launching reach and frequency metrics for vendors and registered sellers across all regions in the Amazon Ads API.

With the release of the cumulativeReach metric, advertisers can better understand the total number of unique users that an ad was exposed to. With the launch of the averageImpressionFrequency metric, advertisers can better understand the average number of times those users saw an ad and how that drives users down the funnel.

Metric definitions:

cumulativeReach = Total number of unique users exposed to an ad from either a campaign, ad group, or product ad over the lifetime of the campaign or the past six months, whichever is shorter. This metric is updated daily.
avgImpressionsFrequency = Average number of times unique users were exposed to an ad over the lifetime of the campaign.
When requesting reports for campaign, ad group and product ad, you can add the new metrics of avgImpressionsFrequency and cumulativeReach for any Sponsored Display campaign (CPC or vCPM) in the Amazon Ads API. For full technical details, please see our updated Sponsored Display reporting documentation.

API specifications are now indexed in advanced tools center search
February 10, 2023

Technical specifications for all endpoints in the Amazon Ads API are now indexed in the search interface in the advanced tools center. Developers will see results for search terms that match paths or descriptions for all operations in the API. To search technical specifications, use the search bar in the Amazon Ads advanced tools center.

Amazon DSP offers new Brand Safety segments
February 7, 2023

Amazon DSP introduces new Brand Safety segments which enable greater control over how advertisers serve ads on inventory associated with these topics:

‘Death & Injuries - High Risk’
‘Death & Injuries - High & Medium Risk’
‘Death & Injuries - High, Medium & Low Risk’
‘Extreme & Graphic‘
The brand safety functionality gives you more control on where your ads serve to protect your brand and block ads from delivering on content that does not align with your brand. For more details, refer to our API documentation.

Belgium support
February 6, 2023

Regions: BE

We have added support for Belgium (BE) to the Amazon Ads API. For more details, see the API endpoints by region, Bid constraints by marketplace, Budget constraints by marketplace, as well as the countryCode, currencyCode, and timezone parameters in the profiles reference.

Sponsored Display expands ASIN report to vendors and adds view-based attribution in the Amazon Ads API
February 1, 2023

Regions: US, CA, ES, FR, IT, DE, UK, AE, JP, IN, AU, NL, BR, MX, SE, SG, PL, TR, EG, SA, BE

Sponsored Display expands ASIN report to vendors while adding view-based attribution in the Amazon Ads API. Previously this report was only available for vendors. Also known as the purchased product report, pulling this data provides details on non-advertised products that were purchased by shoppers after they interacted with a Sponsored Display ads. Along with expanding to vendors, we have also added metrics to Sponsored Display view attributed metrics for those campaigns with vCPM (cost per 1 thousand viewable impressions) billing and attribution.

This report helps advertisers identify new products within their portfolio that they may consider advertising, identify new cross-selling product targeting opportunities, and uncover insights into shoppers buying behavior. Use the new view based metrics for both sellers and vendors when pulling data from /sd/asins/report with campaigns using the costType vCPM in the Amazon Ads API. These new metrics include:

viewAttributedUnitsOrdered1dOtherSKU
viewAttributedUnitsOrdered7dOtherSKU
viewAttributedUnitsOrdered14dOtherSKU
viewAttributedUnitsOrdered30dOtherSKU
viewAttributedSales1dOtherSKU
viewAttributedSales7dOtherSKU
viewAttributedSales14dOtherSKU
viewAttributedSales30dOtherSKU
viewAttributedConversions1dOtherSKU
viewAttributedConversions7dOtherSKU
viewAttributedConversions14dOtherSKU
viewAttributedConversions30dOtherSKU
For full technical details, please see our updated reporting documentation.

Amazon DSP launches deals discovery API feature
January 31, 2023

Regions: US, UK, DE, JP, FR, IT, IE, IL, ES, CA, CH, MA, LU, FI, NO, DK, MX, KW, AU, AE, AT, BE, BR, BH, NL, IN, SA, SE, TR, NZ

Amazon DSP is launching 4 new endpoints available through the Amazon Ads API to enable advertisers to manage their Amazon DSP programmatic deals:

POST /dsp/inventory/deals/list
Retrieves a list of programmatic deals, optionally matching filter inputs.
POST /dsp/inventory/deals/performance/list
Retrieves performance metrics for each specified deal.
GET /dsp/inventory/deals/{dealId}/lineItems
Retrieves list of line items targeting a given single deal.
POST /dsp/inventory/deals/exchanges/list
Retrieves list of supply sources for deals.
Though these features were previously available in the Amazon DSP console, advertisers can now access them programmatically through the Amazon Ads API. This helps bring the Amazon Ads API experience in line with the advertising console, and gives advertisers greater flexibility when managing Amazon DSP programmatic deals.

With these additional Amazon Ads API endpoints, advertisers can retrieve their Amazon DSP programmatic deal libraries at scale, and build their own business applications leveraging these objects. They can now synchronize their Amazon DSP deal library with their internal repositories, and retrieve deal metadata, performance metrics, and line items targeting each deal.

This release supports all standard deal types, with some exceptions for Amazon Audience Guaranteed deals: while these deals can be retrieved, Amazon Ads API users may not yet retrieve performance data of these deals. For full technical details, please see our API documentation.

Missed opportunities and budget recommendations API for Sponsored Brands
January 31, 2023

Regions: United States (US)

Sponsored Brands is releasing the new missed opportunities and budget recommendations API which will provide recommendations for campaigns that have gone out of budget. This API will provide predicted missed sales, clicks, and impressions during these out of budget periods, while also recommending a new budget to prevent them in the future.

Roughly ten percent of all Sponsored Brands campaigns go out of budget daily, losing out on numerous interactions with customers. The missed opportunity and budget recommendations API contextualizes the business impact of these periods in the form of measurable key performance indicators. By adopting the suggested budget, advertisers can prevent these cases in the future and ensure their campaigns are reaching their full potential.

This feature is available for vendors and sellers through the Amazon Ads API. Advertisers can use the new POST /sb/campaigns/budgetRecommendations endpoint that accepts a list of campaigns and returns suggested budget, percent time in budget, and missed opportunities in clicks, impressions, and sales.

Awareness: Budget rules are becoming additive
January 31, 2023

Regions: All

By the end of February 2023, we will make budget rules to be additive, meaning that more than one rule can be active at a time. Currently, only a single rule can be active, but with this release, if multiple budget rules meet their conditions, all rules will be applied and increase daily budget independently.

We are making this change so that budget rules are more customizable, allowing advertisers to build strategies for budget increases based on multiple triggers instead of having to consider which budget rule will be active at a given point in time.

This update will impact all advertisers worldwide (vendors and sellers) who use budget rules for their Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, or Sponsored Display campaigns through the Amazon Ads API or advertising console. We will post a separate release note to notify advertisers once this change is live.

If you have a question, you can go to the Amazon Ads API Support page and create a ticket with the subject title Budget Rules Additive Behavior.

Omnichannel Metrics integrates with automated budget optimization (beta)
January 31, 2023

Regions: United States (US)

Omnichannel Metrics (OCM) now offers advertisers the capability to automate budget optimization for the total impact of your campaign, inclusive of both online and offline sales, on and off Amazon. Advertisers opted-in for budget optimization will have their budget automatically shift between line items based on omnichannel performance, thereby helping to optimize the overall outcome of your campaign.

The new OCM automated budget optimization feature alleviates the current manual process of allocating budget across multiple line items to optimize budget and maximize Combined ROAS.

This feature is designed to help our advertisers and agencies to 1) increase efficiency by reducing wasted impressions on lower-performing ad tactics, 2) enable agile optimization allowing for line items with specific budget requirements to be opted out of budget optimization, while other line items in the same campaign could continue to be optimized leveraging this budget feature, and 3) empower advertisers with the control to opt out, pause or re-enroll line items within the budget optimization at any point in the campaign.

This feature is available for CPG and grocery advertisers with an active Omnichannel Sales Study, including both managed service and self-service DSP accounts.

To access this feature, use the Amazon DSP create order API with the optimization goal PURCHASES_ON_OFF_AMAZON and goal KPI of COMBINED_RETURN_ON_AD_SPEND. The budget and bid optimization will be automatically selected. For full technical details, please see our updated documentation.

Sponsored Display bid recommendations are expanding for Amazon audiences and purchases remarketing
January 26, 2023

Regions: AE, AU, CA, DE, ES, FR, IN, IT, JP, MX, NL, UK, US

Amazon Ads is launching bid recommendations for Amazon audiences (i.e., In-market, Life events, Lifestyle and Interests) and purchase remarketing. Bid recommendations will be provided for all Sponsored Display audience targeting campaigns, including those selected to “Optimize for viewable impressions”, “Optimize for page visits”, or “Optimize for conversions”. These recommendations will be available for Sponsored Display campaigns within the Amazon Ads API.

This helps advertisers receive bid recommendations based on the bid optimization they select. When the bid optimization is "Optimize for viewable impressions", the bid suggestions will be for 1000 viewable impressions rather than per click, which helps advertisers maximize impression share for the selected audiences. When bid optimization is "Optimize for page visits", bid suggestions will help advertisers get impressions on requests that are likely to get clicks. When bid optimization is "Optimize for conversions", bid suggestions will help advertisers get impressions on requests likely to convert.

For full technical details, please see our Sponsored Display documentation, including the updated bid recommendations documentation.

Input guidance for Sponsored Products in bulk operations
January 26, 2023

Input guidance is now available for Sponsored Products campaigns in bulksheets. This new feature includes dropdown options for some fields, including Product, Entity, Operation, and more. After you select values for those first three fields, cells in that row will automatically highlight the fields that can be filled in—both required and optional ones. You will also see guidance if you click on cell headers. For example, if you click into a “Daily Budget” cell header, you will see tips on budget limits, along with guidance on entering values such as decimal places.

You can access this new feature if you go to the bulk operations main page and check the box labeled Guidance for Sponsored Products inputs [BETA]. Then, download a bulksheets template and navigate to the Sponsored Products tab to see the details described above. Learn more about the new input guidance feature for bulksheets